Except as otherwise set forth in this Debenture, the Company, for itself and its legal representatives, successors and assigns, expressly waives presentment, protest, demand, notice of dishonor, notice of nonpayment, notice of maturity, notice of protest, presentment for the purpose of accelerating maturity, and diligence in collection.
No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to or has any obligation to maintain or contribute to any Multiemployer Plan or Plan, nor otherwise has any liability under Title IV of ERISA.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment may be delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission of the relevant signature pages hereof.
From time to time, as and when required by the Surviving Corporation or by its successors or assigns, there shall be executed and delivered on behalf of Ashford (DE) such deeds and other instruments, and there shall be taken or caused to be taken by it all such further and other action, as shall be appropriate, advisable or necessary in order to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation the title to and possession of all property, interests, assets, rights, privileges, immunities, powers, franchises and authority of Ashford (DE), and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.  The officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in the name and on behalf of Ashford (DE) or otherwise, to take any and all such action and to execute and deliver any and all such deeds and other instruments.
Commencing March 7, 2016 and during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay to the Executive a base salary at the rate of no less than $750,000 per calendar year (the “Base Salary”), less applicable deductions, and prorated for any partial month or year, as applicable. The Base Salary shall be reviewed for increase by the Compensation Committees of AFG and AAC (the “Compensation Committees”) no less frequently than annually and may be increased in the discretion of the Compensation Committees. Any such adjusted Base Salary shall constitute the “Base Salary” for purposes of this Agreement. The Base Salary shall be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with AAC’s regular payroll procedures. The Executive’s Base Salary may not be decreased during the Employment Period. The Company shall provide the Executive with a payment in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the Base Salary payments the Executive would have received had he been paid at the rate set forth in this Section 4(a) during the period commencing on March 7, 2016 and ending on the Effective Date hereof and (ii) the actual salary payments made to the Executive during such period, payable in a lump sum on a regular payroll date as soon as practicable following the Effective Date.
All notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing, will reference this Agreement, and will be deemed given: (i) when delivered personally; (ii) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally-recognized express courier, with written confirmation of receipt; or (iii) three (3) business days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All such notices will be sent to the addresses set forth above or to such other address as may be specified by either party to the other party in accordance with this Section.
Each Credit Party shall maintain, in all material respects, proper, complete and consistent books of record with respect to such Person’s operations, affairs, and financial condition. From time to time upon reasonable prior notice, each Credit Party shall permit any Lender, at such reasonable times and intervals and to a reasonable extent and under the reasonable guidance of officers of or employees delegated by officers of such Credit Party, to, subject to any applicable confidentiality considerations, examine and copy the books and records of such Credit Party, to visit and inspect the Property of such Credit Party, and to discuss the business operations and Property of such Credit Party with the officers and directors thereof (provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lenders shall be entitled to only one such visit per year coordinated by the Administrative Agent).
BORROWER HEREBY AGREES TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS INDEMNITEES FOR, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, ACTIONS, JUDGMENTS, COURT COSTS AND LEGAL OR OTHER EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES AND EXPENSES) WHICH ANY INDEMNITEE MAY INCUR AS A DIRECT OR INDIRECT CONSEQUENCE OF: (A) THE PURPOSE TO WHICH BORROWER APPLIES THE LOAN PROCEEDS; (B) THE FAILURE OF BORROWER TO PERFORM ANY OBLIGATIONS AS AND WHEN REQUIRED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; (C) ANY FAILURE AT ANY TIME OF ANY OF BORROWER'S REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO BE TRUE AND CORRECT; (D) ANY ACT OR OMISSION BY BORROWER, CONSTITUENT PARTNER OR MEMBER OF BORROWER WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE PROPERTY OR IMPROVEMENTS; OR (E) ANY ACTION OR OMISSION OF ANY INDEMNITEE IN CONNECTION WITH THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF ITS RIGHTS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT ARISING FORM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF ANY INDEMNITEE. BORROWER SHALL PROMPTLY PAY TO INDEMNITEES UPON DEMAND ANY AMOUNTS OWING UNDER THIS INDEMNITY, TOGETHER WITH INTEREST FROM THE DATE SUCH OBLIGATION ARISES UNTIL PAID AT THE RATE OF INTEREST APPLICABLE TO THE PRINCIPAL BALANCE OF THE NOTE. BORROWER'S DUTY AND OBLIGATION TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS INDEMNITEES SHALL SURVIVE CANCELLATION OF THE NOTE AND THE RECONVEYANCE, RELEASE OR SATISFACTION OR PARTIAL RECONVEYANCE, RELEASE OR SATISFACTION OF THE SECURITY INSTRUMENT OR OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.
Sublessee leases the Aircraft in its “as is, where is” condition. The only services, rights, or warranties to which the Sublessee is entitled to under this Sublease are those to which the Sublessor is provided under the Prime Lease.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota (without reference to its conflicts of laws provisions).
Any dispute, controversy, claim or action of any kind arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or in any way involving Company and Investor or their respective Affiliates, including any issues of arbitrability, will be resolved solely by final and binding arbitration in English before a retired judge at JAMS International, or its successor, in the Territory of the Virgin Islands, pursuant to the most expedited and Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available. Any interim or final award may be entered and enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. The final award will include the prevailing party’s reasonable arbitration, expert witness and attorney fees, costs and expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investor may in its sole discretion bring an action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada or the Middle District of Florida in addition to, in lieu of, or in aid of arbitration.
This Agreement and any of the documents related hereto and the rights, duties, or obligations thereunder may not be assigned by the Applicant without the written consent of the Commissioner.  Any assignment made without the written consent of the Commissioner shall be void and of no force or effect.
Borrower or any Guarantor fails to provide the Lender with financial statements, tax returns or other information within thirty (30) days of Lender’s request..
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an " Action ") which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.  The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
Neither the Company’s ownership of the assets, nor, to such Assignor’s knowledge, the operation of the Company’s assets is in violation of any applicable laws, licenses and permits, including any applicable environmental laws, licenses and permits, in any material respect.
THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK . The other provisions of Article IX of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment to the same extent as if fully set forth herein.
During the Term of Executive’s Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to be paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries as in effect at any time hereafter with respect to other key Executives of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided, however, that in no event shall Executive be entitled to fewer than 25 business days paid vacation per year, as well as pay for all holidays observed by the Company.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein; and any prior agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein is hereby terminated and cancelled (other than the Non-disclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement dated May 24, 2013 by and between Employee and the Company).
All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if delivered by hand, sent by generally recognized overnight courier service or mail: (i) if to the Executive, to the Executive’s address as it appears in the records of the Company, and (ii) if to the Company, to Navigant Consulting, Inc., 30 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: General Counsel, or (iii) to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications will be effective when actually received by the addressee.
The validity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect.  Should a court or other body of competent jurisdiction determine that any provision of this Agreement is excessive in scope or otherwise illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent possible.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall have the right to enforce the provisions of Section 3.3 through an action, suit or proceeding brought in any federal court located in the State of Colorado or any Colorado state court, and each Participant consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such action, suit or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to a jury trial and any objection that such party may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such action, suit or proceeding in any such court or that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding. The provisions of Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 and Section 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loan, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
The Purchaser is an entity and is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and electronically, and each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, each Bank and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the Borrower and the Guarantor Guarantors shall not have the right to assign any of their respective rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Banks. The rights of the Banks to assign this Agreement are set forth in and are subject to the provisions of Section 10.16 .
Borrower shall use proceeds of the Loan to (a) make initial deposits of the Reserve Funds, (b) make distributions to Equity Owner, (c) pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of the Loan and any related Securitization, and (d) to the extent any proceeds remain after satisfying clauses (a) through (c) above, for such lawful purpose as Borrower shall designate.
Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that the Lease Term commenced on May 1, 1996 and is scheduled to expire on April 30, 2017.  Landlord and Tenant hereby extend the Lease Term for the period commencing on May 1, 2017 and expiring on July 31, 2020 (the “ Additional Term ”), unless further extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Lease.
Except as set forth on Schedule 8.1.18 hereto, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending, or to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened, against or affecting any Loan Party or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries which, singly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that involve any Loan Document or the Closing Date Transactions. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries is in default with respect to any order, writ, injunction, judgment, decree or rule of any Governmental Authority, which, singly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of vacation annually, to be administered in accordance with the Corporation’s vacation program.  The Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Corporation to its U.S. employees.
You agree to hold the facts and circumstances surrounding the execution of this Agreement and the Supplemental Release in strictest confidence.
Minera William shall not fully or partially transfer its right to receive the Royalty without the prior written consent of GTM and without first offering to transfer such interest to GTM on the same terms, conditions and price on which Payee intends to transfer the same to an unrelated third party. GTM may assign its rights and obligations under this Exhibit “A” without the prior written consent of Minera William, provided that the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Exhibit “A” and so notifies in writing to Minera William.
This Agreement, together with the Non-Competition Agreement, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to Employee’s employment by Employer, and supersedes any and all prior agreements between or among the parties. There are no other contracts, agreements or understandings, whether oral or written, existing between them except as contained or referred to in this Agreement.
This Agreement taken together with the offer letter dated as of the date hereof and the letter regarding relocation reimbursement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and may not be waived, changed, modified, extended or discharged orally, but only by agreement specifically referencing this Agreement that is signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought. Employee acknowledges that the Company is not bound by any oral or other unauthorized statements or promises regarding salary, benefits, length of employment or any other conditions of Employee’s employment. All previous agreements or arrangements between the Company and Employee are hereby terminated. Each party acknowledges and agrees that no representations, inducements, promises or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by either party, or anyone acting on behalf of either party, that are not expressly set forth in this Agreement, and that no other agreement, statement or promise shall be valid or binding unless modified or amended pursuant to this Section 16(e). This Agreement may not be modified or amended unless in writing and signed by both Employee and the Company, acting through its Chief Executive Officer or President.
This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.   The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes.  Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
From the date hereof through the Closing, each party hereto shall promptly notify the representative of the other parties of any known Proceeding which after the date hereof are threatened or commenced against such party or any of its affiliates or any officer, director, employee, consultant, agent or Acquiree Company Record Owners thereof, in their capacities as such, which, if decided adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect upon the condition (financial or otherwise), assets, liabilities, business, operations or prospects of such party or any of its Subsidiaries.
The Committee has the right at any time, and from time to time, to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or retroactively; provided, however , that no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant’s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant’s written consent, and any such amendment shall be in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.
Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in these Terms and Conditions may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the Board of Directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to such state’s choice of law provisions which would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. The United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; provided , however , that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed a consent or submission by CAC to the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court for any purpose, including with respect to any disputes under or relating to this Agreement, and the Company and CAC reserve all rights in this regard.
In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Separation Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Moreover, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Separation Agreement is held to be excessively broad as to duration, scope, activity or subject, such provisions will be construed by limiting and reducing them so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law.
Subject to Section 5.4(c), shares issued pursuant to any Restricted Stock Award may (but need not) be made subject to Vesting Conditions based upon the satisfaction of such Service requirements, conditions, restrictions or performance criteria, including, without limitation, Performance Goals as described in Section 10.4, as shall be established by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such Award. During any period in which shares acquired pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award remain subject to Vesting Conditions, such shares may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise disposed of other than pursuant to an Ownership Change Event or as provided in Section 8.8. The Committee, in its discretion, may provide in any Award Agreement evidencing a Restricted Stock Award that, if the satisfaction of Vesting Conditions with respect to any shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award would otherwise occur on a day on which the sale of such shares would violate the provisions of the Insider Trading Policy, then satisfaction of the Vesting Conditions automatically shall be determined on the next trading day on which the sale of such shares would not violate the Insider Trading Policy. Upon request by the Company, each Participant shall execute any agreement evidencing such transfer restrictions prior to the receipt of shares of Stock hereunder and shall promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares of Stock acquired hereunder for the placement on such certificates of appropriate legends evidencing any such transfer restrictions.
Within three (3) Business Days of the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.  No other written public release or written announcement concerning the purchase of the Shares contemplated hereby shall be issued by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), except as such release or announcement may be required by Law or the rules or regulations of any securities exchange, in which case the Party required to make the release or announcement shall, if such release or announcement contains information materially different from the press release set forth on Exhibit C , and to the extent reasonably practicable, allow the other Parties reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance.  The provisions of this Section 13 shall not restrict the ability of a Party to summarize or describe the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any prospectus or similar offering document so long as the other Parties are provided a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure in advance.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the request of any Account Party the Lenders agree at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period to issue Non-Syndicated Letters of Credit for the account of such Account Party in an aggregate amount that will not result in the Aggregate Credit Exposure exceeding the Commitments (it being understood that Non-Syndicated Letters of Credit may be issued, or be outstanding, for the account of more than one of the Account Parties at any time).
The Company is not providing Grantee with advice, warranties, or representations regarding any of the legal, tax, or business effects to Grantee with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.  Grantee is encouraged to seek legal, tax, and business advice from Grantee’s own legal, tax, and business advisers as soon as possible.  By accepting this Award and the Shares covered thereby, and by signing this Award Agreement, Grantee acknowledges that Grantee is familiar with the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, that Grantee has been encouraged by the Company to discuss the Award and the Plan with Grantee’s own legal, tax, and business advisers, and that Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement.
Withholding of all applicable taxes are your responsibility.
Except as provided in Section 7.2 , the representations and warranties of the Company and the Purchasers contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. All of the covenants and other agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive until fully performed or fulfilled, unless and to the extent that non-compliance with such covenants or agreements is waived in writing by the party entitled to such performance.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Purchase Agreement will not be affected or impaired, and (ii) the parties shall negotiate in good faith so as to replace each such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision with a valid, legal, and enforceable provision that will, in effect, from an economic viewpoint, most nearly and fairly achieve the effect of the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision and the intent of the parties in entering into this Agreement.
No Event of Default or, to the best of the Borrower’s knowledge, Default exists under or with respect to any Loan Document and neither the Borrower nor any other Covered Party is in default in any material respect beyond any applicable grace period under or with respect to any other material agreement, instrument or undertaking to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound in any respect, the existence of which default is likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned by any Party (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Company and the Backstop Participants, other than an assignment by a Backstop Participant expressly permitted by Section 2.9 of this Agreement and any purported assignment in violation of this Section 10.2 shall be void ab initio . Except as provided in Article VIII with respect to the Indemnified Persons and Section 2.4 and Section 9.1 with respect to the Supporting Term Lenders, this Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to in this Agreement) is not intended to and does not confer upon any Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies under this Agreement.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.  Entellus shall seek to have any Successor, by written agreement, assent to the fulfillment by such Successor of Entellus’ obligations under this Agreement. A Successor has no rights, authority or power with respect to this Agreement prior to a Change in Control.
The Plan and all provisions thereof shall be construed, administered, and enforced in accordance with the Code, ERISA, and the laws of State of Mississippi to the extent such state laws are not superseded, limited, or preempted by the Code, ERISA, or other applicable federal laws, regulations, or guidance.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, internal laws of the State of Illinois (including, without limitation, 735 ILCS Section 105/5-1 et seq., but otherwise without regard to the conflict of laws provisions) of the State of Illinois.
Tenant acknowledges and consents to the assignment of the Lease by Landlord in favor of Lender.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts (including via facsimile), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party.
Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 10.1 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 10.1) for purposes of Section 12.1, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 12.1.
All Taxes shall be the financial responsibility of the party obligated to pay such Taxes as determined by applicable law and neither party is or shall be liable at any time for any of the other party’s Taxes incurred in connection with or related to amounts paid under this Agreement. No Tax shall be withheld by the Company on any Net Cash Proceeds payable to the Investors hereunder unless required by law.
Interest on Advances shall be payable in arrears (a) on the first day of each month with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, (b) with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of one, two or three months, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, and (c) with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of six months, at the end of each three month period during such Interest Period, provided that all accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable at the end of the Term. Interest charges shall be computed on the actual principal amount of Advances outstanding during the applicable month at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to Revolving Advances, the applicable Revolving Interest Rate, and (ii) with respect to Swing Loans, the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans (as applicable, the “ Contract Rate ”). Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, any Obligations other than the Advances that are not paid when due shall accrue interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, subject to the provision of the final sentence of this Section 3.1 regarding the Default Rate. Whenever, subsequent to the Closing Date, the Alternate Base Rate is increased or decreased, the applicable Contract Rate shall be similarly changed without notice or demand of any kind by an amount equal to the amount of such change in the Alternate Base Rate during the time such change or changes remain in effect. The LIBOR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans without notice or demand of any kind on the effective date of any change in the Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Obligations shall bear interest at the applicable Contract Rate plus two percent (2%) per annum (as applicable, the “ Default Rate ”).
Purchaser is not and is not acting on behalf of (i) an “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or (iii) an entity deemed to hold “plan assets” within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, of any such employee benefit plan or plan.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g. , www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.
For purposes of this Section 5.9 , the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Bank and the term “Applicable Law” includes FATCA.
Seller and Buyer each acknowledge that it has been represented by its own legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule of law, or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the Party that drafted it, has no application and is expressly waived. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner to effect the intent of Seller and Buyer.
THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
If a Disputed Claim is made with respect to a termination of employment occurring during a period beginning on the date of a Change in Control and ending 24 months thereafter, the Participant shall be entitled to reimbursement of Attorneys’ Fees, whether or not the Participant obtains a Judgment or Award. Such reimbursement shall be made on a “pay-as-you-go” basis, as soon as practicable after presentation to the Company in writing of any periodic statements for Attorneys’ Fees, but in no event later than the last day of the Participant’s taxable year following the taxable year in which the applicable Attorneys’ Fees were incurred.
The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Agents for all reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all Attorney Costs of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP, and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs of counsel to the Administrative Agent). The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid promptly following receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing duly executed by or on behalf of the Sellers and the Purchaser.
To facilitate execution, this Guaranty may be executed in as many counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be necessary that the signature of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature of all persons required to bind any party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Guaranty to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties hereto. Any signature page to any counterpart may be detached from such counterpart without impairing the legal effect of the signatures thereon and thereafter attached to another counterpart identical thereto except having attached to it additional signature pages.
You shall forfeit your right to receive any unpaid Retention Bonus and the Company shall have no further obligation under this Agreement in the event your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated for any reason (including your death or disability) other than as set forth in Section 2 hereof.
If any provision of this Settlement Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law by a court of competent jurisdiction, that part shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only, without in any way effecting the remaining parts of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Settlement Agreement.
Borrower and each Subsidiary has good and indefeasible title to its respective Properties, free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in New York County, New York State. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in New York County, New York State for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys' fees and other reasonable costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company’s obligations under Sections 7.4, 7.5 and 7.6 shall terminate if Executive does not execute and deliver to the Company a release substantially in the form attached hereto as Appendix A within [forty-five (45) days] of termination of employment or revokes such release within any applicable revocation period.
Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), (i) each Employee Plan is in substantial compliance with ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) no Termination Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Employee Plan, (iii) if required to be filed, the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Employee Plan, including any required Schedule B (Actuarial Information) thereto, have been filed with the Internal Revenue Service and delivered to the Agents and is complete and correct and fairly presents the funding status of such Employee Plan, and since the date of such report there has been no material adverse change in such funding status, (iv) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan (if any) have been delivered to the Agents, (v) no Employee Plan had an accumulated or waived funding deficiency or permitted decrease which would create a deficiency in its funding standard account or has applied for an extension of any amortization period within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code at any time during the previous 60 months, and (vi) no Lien imposed under the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA exists or is likely to arise on account of any Employee Plan within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any withdrawal liability under ERISA with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, or is aware of any facts indicating that it or any of its ERISA Affiliates may in the future incur any such withdrawal liability. No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any fiduciary of any Employee Plan has (i) engaged in a nonexempt prohibited transaction described in Sections 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to an Employee Plan, (ii) failed to pay any required installment or other payment required under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code on or before the due date for such required installment or payment, (iii) engaged in a transaction within the meaning of Section 4069 of ERISA or (iv) incurred any liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other than claims for benefits in the normal course) asserted or instituted against (i) any Employee Plan or its assets, (ii) any fiduciary with respect to any Employee Plan, or (iii) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan. Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code, no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains an employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) which provides health or welfare benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates or coverage after a participant's termination of employment or, if later, the end of a former employee's severance period.
The LTIP shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns.
Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by telegram or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address as set forth below or as subsequently modified by written notice.
The parties recognize that if any provision of this Agreement is violated by the Company, Indemnitee may be without an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any such violation, Indemnitee shall be entitled, if Indemnitee so elects, to institute Proceedings, either in law or at equity, to obtain damages, to enforce specific performance, to enjoin such violation, or to obtain any relief or any combination of the foregoing as Indemnitee may elect to pursue.
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit and specifying the date of issuance (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare such Letter of Credit.  If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall complete a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank's standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued only if (and, upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Sublimit, and (ii) the total Facility Exposure shall not exceed the Total Commitment Amount.  Any Letter of Credit issued may, at the request of the Borrower and with the consent of the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Administrative Agent, be amended, renewed or extended, provided that no Default then exists and that after giving effect thereto, such Letter of Credit (if the same had been issued at such time) would comply with all requirements of this Section.
Each Obligor shall keep accurate and complete records, in all material respects, of its Equipment, including kind, quality, quantity, cost, acquisitions and dispositions thereof, and shall submit to Administrative Agent, on such periodic basis as Administrative Agent may reasonably request, a current schedule thereof, in form reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Promptly upon request, Obligors shall deliver to Administrative Agent evidence of their ownership or interests in any Equipment.
All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein.  The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day (or on the day actually received, in the Administrative Agent’s sole discretion) and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
(a) Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by similarly situated companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and cause, subject to the time periods set forth in clause (ix) of the definition of "Collateral Requirement" and Schedule 5.02(d) , if applicable, Agent to be listed as a co-loss payee on property and casualty policies and as an additional insured on liability policies.
Consultant shall be eligible for reimbursement of reasonable travel expenses which are approved in advance by the Company and are associated with Consultant’s performance of duties under this Agreement.
Any and all Arbitrable Disputes (except to the extent injunctive relief is sought) shall be resolved through the use of binding arbitration using, in the case of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount equal to or greater than $1,000,000 or non‑monetary relief, three arbitrators, and in the case of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount less than $1,000,000, one arbitrator, in each case in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as supplemented to the extent necessary to determine any procedural appeal questions by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code). If there is any inconsistency between this Article 22 and the Commercial Arbitration Rules or the Federal Arbitration Act, the terms of this Article 22 shall control the rights and obligations of the Parties. Arbitration must be initiated within the time limits set forth in this Agreement, or if no such limits apply, then within a reasonable time or the time period allowed by the applicable statute of limitations. Arbitration may be initiated by a Party (“ Claimant ”) serving written notice on the other Party (“ Respondent ”) that Claimant elects to refer the Arbitrable Dispute to binding arbitration. Claimant’s notice initiating binding arbitration must identify the arbitrator Claimant has appointed. Respondent shall respond to Claimant within thirty (30) days after receipt of Claimant’s notice, identifying the arbitrator Respondent has appointed. If Respondent fails for any reason to name an arbitrator within the 30-day period, Claimant shall petition the American Arbitration Association for appointment of an arbitrator for Respondent’s account. The two arbitrators so chosen shall select a third arbitrator within thirty (30) days after the second arbitrator has been appointed, and, in the of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount less than $1,000,000, such third arbitrator shall act as the sole arbitrator, and the sole role of the first two arbitrators shall be to appoint such third arbitrator. Claimant shall pay the compensation and expenses of the arbitrator named by or for it, and Respondent shall pay the compensation and expenses of the arbitrator named by or for it. The costs of petitioning for the appointment of an arbitrator, if any, shall be paid by Respondent. Claimant and Respondent shall each pay one-half of the compensation and expenses of the third arbitrator. All arbitrators must (a) be neutral parties who have never been officers, directors or employees of the Operator, the Company or any of their Affiliates and (b) have not less than seven (7) years’ experience in the energy industry. The hearing shall be conducted in the State of Delaware or the Philadelphia Metropolitan area and commence within thirty (30) days after the selection of the third arbitrator. The Company, the Operator and the arbitrators shall proceed diligently and in good faith in order that the award may be made as promptly as possible. Except as provided in the Federal Arbitration Act, the decision of the arbitrators shall be binding on and non-appealable by the Parties hereto. The arbitrators shall have no right to grant or award Special Damages. Notwithstanding anything herein the contrary, the Company may not dispute any amounts with respect to an invoice delivered in accordance with Article 5 that the Company has not objected to within one hundred twenty (120) days of receipt thereof.
The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all material agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  For the purposes of this Section 3.11 , all materials publicly filed by the Borrower with the SEC shall be deemed to be disclosed to the Lenders.  Neither the Lender Presentation nor any of the other written reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by all other information so furnished and all material publicly filed by the Borrower with the SEC) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to forecasts or projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that forecasts and projections are subject to contingencies and no assurances can be given that any forecast or projection will be realized).
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf”) of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment, and, once delivered, may not be withdrawn or revoked unless this Amendment fails to become effective in accordance with its terms on or prior to January 31, 2017.
Each of IHS and the Borrower, each other Loan Party (by its execution of the Loan Documents to which it is a party), the Administrative Agent and each Lender acknowledges that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review the Loan Documents with its legal counsel and that the Loan Documents shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the parties thereto.
The Company agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to render his services to the Company, as its Vice President General Counsel, during the Term (as defined below). In connection with his employment as Vice President General Counsel, the Executive shall serve without additional payment or compensation of any kind as an officer of any other direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of the Company designated by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (collectively, the “Subsidiaries”). The Executive shall render his services at the direction of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer at the Company’s offices in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Executive agrees to use his best efforts to promote and further the business, reputation and good name of the Company and the Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company Group”) and the Executive shall promptly and faithfully comply with all instructions, directions, requests, rules and regulations made or issued from time to time by the Company.
Upon (i) delivery to the Administrative Agent of an Assignment Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C hereto (an “ Assignment ”), together with any consent required by Section 13.03(a), (ii) payment of a $3,500 processing fee to the Administrative Agent for processing such assignment and (iii) recordation of such assignment in the Register as required by Section 13.03(c), such assignment shall become effective on the effective date specified in such Assignment. On and after the effective date of such assignment, such Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by the Lenders and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto, and no further consent or action by the Borrowers, the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be required to release the transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment, Loans and Participation Interests assigned to such Purchaser.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any Law or public policy, all other terms or provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon any such determination, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable matter to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.
PCT, ADAPTIMMUNE AND CLIENT WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THE AGREEMENT. PCT, ADAPTIMMUNE AND CLIENT AGREE THAT ANY SUCH DISPUTE SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY.
All notices hereunder shall be in writing and (a) if to the Company, shall be delivered personally to the Secretary of the Company or mailed to its principal office address, 1801 Bayberry Court, P.O. Box 18100, Richmond, VA 23226-8100 USA, to the attention of the Secretary, and (b) if to the Employee, shall be delivered personally or mailed to the Employee at the address set forth below. Such addresses may be changed at any time by notice from one party to the other.
No portion of any Purchase Price payment hereunder will be used (i) for a purpose that violates, or would be inconsistent with, any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Transferor or (ii) to acquire any security in any transaction which is subject to Section 12, 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
The Parties will, at their own expense and at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that may be necessary or desirable, or that either Party may reasonably request, in order to protect any right or interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the ABL Agents or the Second Lien Agent to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder; provided , however , that no Party shall be required to pay over any payment or distribution, execute any instruments or documents, or take any other action referred to in this Section 7.2, to the extent that such action would contravene any law, order or other legal requirement or any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, and in the event of a controversy or dispute, such Party may interplead any payment or distribution in any court of competent jurisdiction, without further responsibility in respect of such payment or distribution under this Section 7.2.
This is an Agreement for the performance of personal services by you and may not be assigned by you (other than the right to receive payments which may be assigned to a company, trust or foundation owned or controlled by you) and any purported assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be deemed null and void. Studio may assign this Agreement or all or any part of its rights hereunder to any entity which acquires all or substantially all of the assets of Studio and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of such assignee; provided that your duties do not materially change.
This Agreement and all claims, causes of action or proceedings (whether in contract, in tort, at law or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Maryland, excluding any conflicts- or choice-of-law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction.
Purchaser and its representatives shall hold in strictest confidence all data and information obtained from Seller regarding the Property or obtained through physical access to the Property granted by Seller, whether obtained before or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and shall not disclose the same to others prior to Closing; provided, however, that it is understood and agreed that Purchaser may disclose such data and information to Title Company and Purchaser’s actual and potential lenders and insurers and to the employees, consultants, contractors, accountants and attorneys of Purchaser, Title Company and Purchaser’s actual and potential lenders and insurers (collectively, the “Disclosure Parties”) provided that such persons agree to treat such data and information confidentially. In the event this Agreement is terminated, and to the extent Purchaser has received hard copies of any confidential materials from Seller, Purchaser shall promptly return to Seller any such hard copies of confidential materials. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Purchaser or its agents or representatives of this Section 10.1, Seller shall be entitled, as Seller’s sole remedy, to seek an injunction restraining Purchaser or its agents or representatives from disclosing, in whole or in part, such confidential information. The provisions of this Section 10.1 shall survive Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing or Section 10.2 hereof, no information obtained by Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties shall be deemed confidential or subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement if such information (i) was publicly known or made generally available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure, (ii) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure through no action or inaction of Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties, (iii) is in the possession of Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties without confidentiality restrictions at the time of such disclosure, or (iv) is independently discovered or developed by Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties. In addition, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Purchaser and any Disclosure Parties may disclose any such information to third parties to the extent required by law or judicial process, and if Purchaser (or its assigns) acquires title to the Property, this Section 10.1 shall automatically become null and void at such time and have no further effect.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 11.02(e)  shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of this Agreement or the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CHOICE OF, OR CONFLICT OF, LAW PRINCIPLES.
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
With the exception of Base Rate Loans, interest on Loans, Letter of Credit fees, Related Expenses, and commitment and other fees and charges hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty (360) days and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed. With respect to Base Rate Loans, interest shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty‑five (365) days or three hundred sixty‑six (366) days, as the case may be, and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted pursuant to the internal laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. The terms and exclusions of the Company’s Alternative Dispute Resolution Policy apply to any and all disputes under this Agreement.
EACH DEBTOR HEREBY AGREES TO INDEMNIFY COLLATERAL AGENT AND ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, AND EMPLOYEES, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, SUITS, COSTS, AND EXPENSES OF ANY KIND AND NATURE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPENSES OF LITIGATION OR PREPARATION THEREFOR WHETHER OR NOT COLLATERAL AGENT IS A PARTY THERETO) IMPOSED ON, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST COLLATERAL AGENT OR ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, AND EMPLOYEES, IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, OR THE MANUFACTURE, PURCHASE, ACCEPTANCE, REJECTION, OWNERSHIP, DELIVERY, LEASE, POSSESSION, USE, OPERATION, CONDITION, SALE, RETURN OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF ANY COLLATERAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LATENT AND OTHER DEFECTS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE BY THE Collateral Agent OR SUCH DEBTOR, AND ANY CLAIM FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT).
Interest is payable monthly on the last calendar day of each month and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. In computing interest, (i) all payments received after 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on any day shall be deemed received at the opening of business on the next Business Day, and (ii) the date of the making of any Credit Extension shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded; provided , however , that if any Credit Extension is repaid on the same day on which it is made, such day shall be included in computing interest on such Credit Extension.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, taken together, constitute a single instrument.  This Agreement may be executed by facsimile or email ( i.e., PDF) signature and all such signatures shall be effective as originals.
For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the following rules of construction shall apply, unless specifically indicated to the contrary:  (a) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, the feminine and the neuter; (b) the term “or” is not exclusive; (c) the term “including” (or any form thereof) shall not be limiting or exclusive; (d) all references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments thereof and any successor statutes and regulations; (e) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” or other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the exhibits and schedules hereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause contained in this Agreement; (f) all references in this Agreement or in the schedules to this Agreement to sections, schedules, disclosure schedules, exhibits, and attachments shall refer to the corresponding sections, schedules, disclosure schedules, exhibits, and attachments of or to this Agreement; and (g) all references to any instruments or agreements, including references to any of the Loan Documents, shall include any and all modifications or amendments thereto and any and all extensions or renewals thereof.
Landlord and Tenant represent that, except for Avison Young, representing Landlord, the parties have not dealt with any real estate broker, sales person or finder in connection with this Amendment, and no other real estate broker initiated or participated in the negotiation of this Amendment. Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Landlord from and against any liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) and claims for commissions and fees arising out of a breach of the foregoing representation.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person), the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.3(c) with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s).
No government authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing or registration with any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, under any applicable laws, rules or regulations currently in effect, is or will be necessary for, or in connection with, the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument executed in connection herewith, or for the performance by it or its obligations under this Agreement and such other agreements.
As used in the Agreement (including the Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes), the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined).
(a) With respect to any owned real property or fixtures thereon, in each case with a purchase price or a fair market value at the time of acquisition of at least $ 2,000,000 7,500,000 , in which any Loan Party acquires ownership rights at any time after the Closing Date, promptly grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a Lien of record on all such owned real property and fixtures, upon terms reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Collateral Agent and in accordance with any applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority (including any required appraisals of such property under FIRREA or flood determinations under Regulation H of the Board); provided that (i) nothing in this Subsection 7.9 shall defer or impair the attachment or perfection of any security interest in any Collateral covered by any of the Security Documents which would attach or be perfected pursuant to the terms thereof without action by the Parent Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Person and (ii) no such Lien shall be required to be granted as contemplated by this Subsection 7.9 on any owned real property or fixtures the acquisition of which is, or is to be, financed or refinanced, in whole or in part through the incurrence of Indebtedness, until such Indebtedness is repaid in full (and not refinanced) or, as the case may be, the Parent Borrower determines not to proceed with such financing or refinancing. In connection with any such grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, of a Lien of record on any such real property in accordance with this Subsection 7.9 , the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collateral Agent any surveys, title insurance policies, environmental reports and other documents in connection with such grant of such Lien obtained by it in connection with the acquisition of such ownership rights in such real property or as the Collateral Agent shall reasonably request (in light of the value of such real property and the cost and availability of such surveys, title insurance policies, environmental reports and other documents and whether the delivery of such surveys, title insurance policies, environmental reports and other documents would be customary in connection with such grant of such Lien in similar circumstances).
The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the “ Intellectual Property Rights ”).  None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as do not have or would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights.  The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The authorized capital of the Company consists of 100 Shares of Common Stock, par value $.00001, of which a total of 100 shares are issued and outstanding (the " Issued and Outstanding Common Stock ") of the Company (the " Issued and Outstanding Shares ") The Issued and Outstanding Shares has been duly authorized, issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens, charges, pledges, security interests, Encumbrances, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. No person, firm or corporation has any right, agreement, warrant or option, present or future, contingent or absolute, or any right capable of becoming a right, agreement or option to require the Company to issue any Shares in its capital or to convert any securities of the Company or of any other company into Shares in the capital of the Company.
Either party may cancel or terminate this Agreement by giving writing notice if the other party (i) becomes insolvent, is the subject of bankruptcy or administration proceedings that are not dismissed within ninety (90) days of filing or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (ii) materially breaches or defaults on any of such party’s obligations under this Agreement and fails to cure the breach or default within thirty (30) days after written notice describing the breach or default. Immediately upon expiration or any termination of this Agreement, Consultant shall promptly deliver, in a format acceptable to Company, all physical embodiments of the Work Product and all Proprietary Information and all copies thereof in Consultant’s possession or control. Sections 2, 5, 6, 7, 9 and 10 shall survive expiration and any termination of this Agreement.
It is understood and acknowledged that there are no oral agreements between the parties hereto affecting this Lease and this Lease supersedes and cancels any and all previous negotiations, arrangements, brochures, agreements and understandings, if any, between the parties hereto or displayed  by Landlord to Tenant with respect to the subject matter thereof, and none thereof shall be used to interpret or construe this Lease. This Lease and any side letter or separate agreement executed by Landlord and Tenant in connection with this Lease and dated of even date herewith contain all of the terms, covenants, conditions, warranties and agreements of the parties relating in any manner to the rental, use and occupancy of the Premises,  shall be considered to be the only agreement between the parties hereto and their representatives and agents, and none of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease can be modified, deleted or added to except in writing signed by the parties hereto. All negotiations and oral agreements acceptable to both parties have been merged into and are included herein. There are no other representations or warranties between the parties, and all reliance with respect to representations is based totally upon the representations and agreements contained in this Lease.
The Parties shall bear their own costs and attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with the Lawsuit, and in connection with the negotiation, preparation, and review of this Agreement. However, in the event any action is brought to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party in such action shall receive an award of its costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in that action.
Employee shall report to the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Company’s Bylaws. Employee agrees to discharge such duties as may be delegated to him from time-to-time by the Company.  The Company reserves the right to change or modify the designation of Employee or his duties at Company's discretion from time-to-time. During the term of his employment, unless an actual conflict arises, Employee is authorized to engage in any other business or occupation provided he has the ability to dedicate, at the very least, twenty hours a month towards the performance of his duties hereunder. Employee is not prohibited from making passive or personal investments for which the expenditure of time is not required.  Employee acknowledges that he shall travel, as reasonably required by the Company, in connection with his employment, subject to the Company paying any and all reasonable expenses in advance of such travel.
Executive has been an employee of the Company since September 3, 2013. The Company and Executive now agree to enter into this Agreement, upon the terms and conditions set forth herein for the period beginning on January 1, 2016 and ending as provided in paragraph 4 hereof (the " Employment Period "). The parties agree that for purposes of calculating years of service, Executive’s employment with the Company commenced as of September 3, 2013.
Any notice to the Borrower or the Lender hereunder shall be effective when delivered in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the Loan Agreement.
Seller is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and is properly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each state in which it is required to be so qualified. Spin-off Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Malta, and is properly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each state and country in which it is required to be so qualified.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by Indemnitee and the Company.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto or compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time.  No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, expressed or implied with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party that are not set forth expressly in this Agreement.  References to Sections are to references to Sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (including, without limitation, facsimile counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Except as set forth in Section 6.2 of this Agreement, this written document and all Schedules and Exhibits hereto expresses the entire purchase agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings concerning such subject matter.
The proceeds of the Term Loan will be used for general partnership, corporate or company purposes, as applicable, of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, acquisitions.
This instrument, executed in duplicate, sets forth the entire agreement between the parties and may not be canceled, modified, or amended except by a written instrument executed by both Seller and Buyer.
This 2016-3 Servicing Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
(a) Do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, except, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party, where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 6.05 ; provided that the Borrower each First Tier Covenant Party, as applicable, may liquidate or dissolve one or more of its Subsidiaries if the assets of such Subsidiaries to the extent they exceed estimated liabilities are acquired by the Borrower such First Tier Covenant Party or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower such First Tier Covenant Party in such liquidation or dissolution; except that Subsidiary Loan Parties may not be liquidated into Subsidiaries of Holdings that are not Loan Parties and Domestic Subsidiaries may not be liquidated into Foreign Subsidiaries.
This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Required Holders; provided, however , that in the event that the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, share exchange or similar business combination transaction in which the Common Stock is converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term “Company” shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term “ Registrable Securities ” shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Holders in connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Holders after giving effect to such transaction.
Except to the extent otherwise mentioned, referred to or otherwise  provided herein, this Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements, whether written or oral, between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof.
The title of "Agent" is used solely as a matter of market custom and the duties of Agent are administrative in nature only.  Agent has no duties except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, and in no event does Agent have any agency, fiduciary or implied duty to or relationship with any Secured Party or other Person by reason of any Loan Document or related transaction.  The conferral upon Agent of any right shall not imply a duty to exercise such right, unless instructed to do so by Lenders in accordance with this Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Employee and by a duly authorized representative of the Employer.
Sections 5(e) through 28, inclusive, shall survive and continue in full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the End Date.
Within ten (10) days after the Closing Date, the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate as to coverage under the general liability and property insurance policies required by Section 5.02 of the Credit Agreement, each of which shall be endorsed or otherwise amended to include a customary lender’s loss payable endorsement and to name the Collateral Agent as additional insured, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent acknowledges that the foregoing insurance certificates and endorsements have been received as of the Restatement Date.
This Release Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between myself and Splunk with respect to any matters referred to in the Release Agreement. The Release Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements between myself and Splunk, except for the Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement, attached hereto in Attachment 2, which remains in full force and effect. No other consideration, agreements, representations, oral statements, understandings or course of conduct which are not expressly set forth in the Release Agreement shall be implied or are binding. The Release Agreement may only be modified in a writing signed by myself and an authorized representative of Splunk. I am not relying upon any other agreement, representation, statement, omission, understanding, or course of conduct which is not expressly set forth in this Release Agreement. I understand and agree that neither this Release Agreement nor any part thereof shall be deemed or construed at any time or for any purpose as an admission of any liability or wrongdoing by either myself or Splunk. The terms and conditions of this Release Agreement will be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of California.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, District of Manhattan. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, District of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO THIS WAIVER.
The Company shall, on or before 8:30 a.m., New York City Time, on the first business day after the date of this Agreement, issue a press release and/or Current Report on Form 8-K (collectively, the “ 8-K Filing ”) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby. From and after the issuance of the 8-K Filing, the Investor shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from the Company or any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents, that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing. The Company shall not, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents, not to, provide the Investor with any material, nonpublic information regarding the Company from and after the filing of the 8-K Filing without the express written consent of the Investor. The Company shall not disclose the name of the Investor in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise, unless such disclosure is required by law or regulation. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and the Investor or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate.
A Restricted Stock Unit shall be 100% vested upon the completion of   three (3) full years of employment commencing with the Grant Date of the Restricted Stock Unit or, if earlier, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control. Upon termination of employment due to the Participant’s death, Disability or Retirement, an award of Restricted Stock Units shall be 0% vested if such employment termination occurs before the completion of one (1) full year of employment commencing with the Grant Date, 33.3% vested if such employment termination occurs on or after the completion of one (1) full year of employment, but before completion of two (2) full years of employment commencing with the Grant Date, and shall be 66.7% vested if such employment termination occurs on or after the completion of two (2) full years of employment but before the completion of three (3) full years of employment commencing with the Grant Date. Retirements on December 31 of any given Plan Year shall be treated as a full year of employment for vesting purposes. Any grant of Restricted Stock Units, or portion thereof, not vested according to the foregoing schedule on the date of the Participant's termination of employment for any reason shall be forfeited.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and any wholly-owned Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any transaction permitted by Section 6.01 , 6.03 , 6.04 or 6.07 , (d) payment of customary fees and expenses to members of the board of directors of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; and (e) payment of employee compensation in the ordinary course of business to any Affiliate who is an individual in such Person’s capacity as an officer, employee or consultant of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
The Seller is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of California, with all power and authority necessary to own or use its assets and conduct its business as it is now being conducted. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in, and is in good standing under the laws of, each state or other jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would have a material adverse effect on (i) its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) the assets, financial position, or results of operations of the Seller.
All payments made by the Employers under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding of any tax or other amounts required to be withheld by the Employers under applicable law or benefit plans of the Employers in which the Employee is participating.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that the Purchaser has executed or is otherwise bound by a confidentiality agreement in favor of the Company,  the Purchaser shall continue to be bound by such confidentiality agreement.
Pricing does not include image royalty or software licensing, if applicable. All third party costs are estimates. Third party expenses directly incurred by the MT exclusively for SHO projects will be billed and paid by SHO at cost to MT.
Each of Kindred and Guarantor (collectively, the “ Kindred Companies ”) was duly organized and is validly existing as a Delaware                                          or corporation, respectively. Kindred is in good standing in the State of                                          and each of the Kindred Companies is qualified to do business and is in good standing in each of the states in which it owns property or does business. Kindred has full power and authority and possesses all material governmental approvals necessary to enable it to own, license, possess, lease or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to carry on the Business and to operate the Facility as presently conducted.
Subject to Section 3.7 , this Agreement and its subject matter, and any action, proceeding or suit (at law or in equity, in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Each Party shall immediately provide the other Party with written notice reasonably detailing any (i) known or alleged infringement of any Agios Patents, Celgene Patents, Celgene Collaboration Patents, Agios Co-Co Collaboration Patents or Joint Collaboration Patents, or known or alleged misappropriation of any Agios Know-How, Celgene Know-How, Celgene Collaboration Know-How, Agios Co-Co Collaboration Know-How or Joint Collaboration Know-How, by a Third Party, (ii) “patent certification” filed in the United States under 21 U.S.C. §355(b)(2) or 21 U.S.C. §355(j)(2) or similar provisions in other jurisdictions, and (iii) any declaratory judgment, opposition, or similar action alleging the invalidity, unenforceability or non-infringement of any such intellectual property rights (collectively “ Third Party Infringement ”).
While employed by Company, Executive shall perform the duties required of Executive hereunder and shall devote Executive's best efforts and exclusive business time, energy and skill to performing such duties; not make any disparaging remarks regarding Company to any person with whom Company has business relations, including any employee or vendor of Company; use the Goodwill solely for the benefit of Company; and not interfere in such Goodwill, either during or following Executive's employment with Company.
(a) Such Grantor will not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, do any act or omit to do any act whereby any material Intellectual Property may lapse, become abandoned, cancelled, dedicated to the public, forfeited, or otherwise impaired, or abandon any application or any right to file an application for a Copyright, Patent, or Trademark listed in Schedule 6 or as permitted by Section 7.05 of the Credit Agreement.
Employer shall indemnify Executive (and, upon Executive’s death, Executive’s heirs, executors and administrators) to the fullest extent permitted by law against all expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, court and investigative costs, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement (collectively, “ Expenses ”) reasonably incurred by Executive in connection with or arising out of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit or proceeding in which Executive becomes involved by reason of Executive’s having been an officer or director of Employer. The indemnification rights provided for herein are not exclusive and shall supplement any rights to indemnification that Executive may have under any applicable bylaw or charter provision of Employer, or any resolution of Employer, or any applicable statute.
This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that the document is signed by one party and faxed to another the parties agree that a faxed signature shall be binding upon the parties to this agreement as though the signature was an original.
The business and operations of the Company have been conducted in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of all governmental authorities, except for such violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or business of the Company.
No delay or omission of the Holder to exercise any right or power arising hereunder shall impair any such right or power to be considered to be a waiver of any such right or power, nor shall the Holder’s action or inaction impair any such right or power. If any provision of this Note is found to be invalid by a court, all the other provisions of this Note will remain in full force and effect. The Company hereby forever waives presentment, protest, notice of dishonor and notice of non-payment. This Note shall bind the Company and its successors and assigns. The captions contained in this Note are for convenience only, shall not be deemed to be a part of this Note and shall not be referred to in connection with the construction or interpretation of this Note. As used in this Note: (a) “or” is not exclusive; (b) “including” and its variants mean “including, without limitation” and its variants; (c) words defined in the singular have the parallel meaning in the plural and vice versa; (d) references to “written” or “in writing” include in visual electronic form; and (e) words of one gender shall be construed to apply to each gender; and a reference to any person includes such person’s successors and permitted assigns.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement , the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at the offices of Withers Bergman LLP, 430 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10022, on May 27, 2016 so long as all the conditions to Closing in Article III   are satisfied or waived by such date (other than those which, by their nature, are to be satisfied at the Closing , but subject to such satisfaction), or on such other date or at such other time mutually agreed in writing by the parties to this Agreement . The date on which the Closing is to occur is herein referred to as the “ Closing Date ”. The Closing shall be deemed to be effective as of 11:59 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time on the Closing Date .
Except as set forth in Section 1 above, all notices, demands, requests, consents or other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by personal delivery, by express courier, by registered or certified mail with return receipt requested, or by facsimile, to the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries at the addresses shown below, or to such other address as may be designated by written notice given by the applicable Person to the others. Unless conclusively proved otherwise, all notices, demands, requests, consents or other communications hereunder shall be deemed effective upon delivery if personally delivered, five (5) days after dispatch if sent by express courier, fourteen (14) days after dispatch if sent by registered or certified mail with return receipt requested, or confirmation of the receipt of the facsimile by the recipient if sent by facsimile.
Each Member agrees to execute and deliver all such further instruments and do all such further acts as the Members deem advisable to effectuate this Agreement.
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 240,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 5,003,257 shares are outstanding as of the date hereof (prior to the issuance of the Securities) and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date hereof, including the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as disclosed in the Company’s most recent SEC Reports and such beneficial ownership has not materially changed since the date of such SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except (i) for options to purchase Common Stock or other equity awards (including restricted stock units) issued to employees and members of the Company’s Board of Directors pursuant to the equity compensation plans or arrangements disclosed in the SEC Reports, (ii) for securities exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company disclosed in the SEC Reports, and (iii) as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
The Agent and each Financial Institution hereby waive their right to receive an Extension Notice in connection with the extension of the Liquidity Termination Date contemplated by this Amendment and hereby consent to the proposed extension of the Liquidity Termination Date as set forth herein.
Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Note, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day after any such receipt or delivery publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to such Holder contemporaneously with delivery of such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this Section ‎25 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under Section 4(j) of the Securities Purchase Agreement.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to 20 days paid vacation per year, or such greater amount as may be earned under the Company’s standard vacation policy, to be earned ratably throughout the year.  Vacation days may be carried from one year to the next in accordance with the Company vacation policy.
The Company shall pay all of the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Company and the Stockholders (including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees of Paul Hastings LLP and Potter Anderson Corroon LLP) incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that such fees and expenses shall not exceed $100,000 without the prior written consent of the Company, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.
This Agreement is for the benefit of Purchaser and Seller, and except as provided in the indemnities granted by Purchaser in this Agreement and in the Purchase Documents (as defined in Section 19) with respect to the Indemnified Parties listed therein, no other person or entity will be entitled to rely on this Agreement, receive any benefit from it or enforce any provisions of it against Purchaser or Seller.
Executive and the Company agree that if any portion of this Agreement or the General Release or the application of their terms to any person or circumstance or claim is determined, to any extent, to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement and the General Release, or the application of such terms to any other persons, circumstances or claims shall not be affected and that this Agreement and General Release shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the instruments to be delivered by the parties pursuant to the provisions hereof constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior understandings, representations or agreements by or among the parties, whether written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter of this Agreement in any way. Each exhibit and schedule to this Agreement shall be considered incorporated into this Agreement.
CBRE, Inc., representing Tenant, and Jones Lang LaSalle, representing Landlord.
This Agreement ( i ) except as may be provided in a Joinder Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any prior discussions, correspondence, negotiation, proposed term sheet, agreement, understanding or agreement and there are no agreements, understandings, representations or warranties between the parties other than those set forth or referred to in this Agreement, and ( ii ) except as provided in Section 5 with respect to an Indemnified Party, is not intended to confer in or on behalf of any Person not a party to this Agreement (and their successors and assigns) any rights, benefits, causes of action or remedies with respect to the subject matter or any provision hereof.
During the Employment Term and thereafter, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company and be reasonably available to the Company with respect to continuing and/or future matters related to the Executive’s employment period with the Company and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates, whether such matters are business-related, legal, regulatory or otherwise (including, without limitation, the Executive appearing at the Company’s request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to the Company all pertinent information and turning over to the Company all relevant documents which are or may come into the Executive’s possession).  Following the Employment Term, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Executive in rendering such services that are approved by the Company.  In addition, if more than an incidental cooperation is required at any time after the termination of the Executive’s employment, the Executive shall be paid (other than for the time of actual testimony) a per day fee based on his base salary described in Section 5(a) at the time of such termination divided by 225.
This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to the Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the First Closing has not been consummated on or before January 6, 2017; provided, however, that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
Each party agrees that, should any court or other competent Governmental Entity hold any provision of this Agreement or part hereof to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such other term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, in response to an order from a court or other competent Governmental Entity for any party to take any action inconsistent herewith or not to take an action consistent herewith or required hereby, to the extent that a party hereto took an action inconsistent with this Agreement or failed to take action consistent with this Agreement or required by this Agreement pursuant to such order, such party shall not incur any liability or obligation unless such party did not in good faith seek to resist or object to the imposition or entering of such order.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions that are at prices and on terms and conditions not materially less favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate, (c) loans or advances to employees in the ordinary course of business, (d) payroll, travel and similar advances to cover matters in the ordinary course of business, (e) the payment of fees to directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary who are not employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (f) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Borrower’s board of directors, (g) employment and severance arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business between  the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any employee thereof and approved by the Borrower’s board of directors, (h) any payments made pursuant to the Management Agreements, (i) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.06, (j) transactions expressly permitted under any Securitization Document, (k) transactions expressly permitted by Section 6.03(a) and Sections 6.04(a)(ii) and (a)(iii), (l) management and other similar services and arrangements performed in the ordinary course of business by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary, (m) transactions as may be disclosed in the public reports of the Borrower filed or furnished with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement, (n) any transactions that are otherwise approved by the board of directors of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, (o) investments of cash and Cash Equivalents in Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (p) transactions set forth on Schedule   6.07 .
The Borrower will (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. The Borrower will cause each of its Subsidiaries to (a) except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.
This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Loan Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Loan Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty (other than obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) are paid in full in cash and the Commitments are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or Holdings is made, or any of the Secured Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Loan Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by any of the Secured Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Secured Parties are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of Holdings under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty.
Section 2.2 (Expenses), Section 2.3 (Records), ARTICLE III (Payments)(to the extent such fees accrued prior to termination, cancellation or expiration), Section 4.1 (Return of Materials), Section 5.1 (Intellectual Property), this Section 6.3 (Survival), Section 7.1 (Confidentiality), Section 8.2 (Limitations of Liability) and Article X (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
Lender shall have received, in immediately available funds, the Closing Fee and the Collateral Management Fee.
The Eligible Employees and Company agree that any and all disputes, controversies or claims of any kind or nature, including but not limited to any arising out of or in any related to the interpretation of this Plan or to the employment or separation of an Eligible Employee from the Company that have not been resolved by the Company within 90 days of the filing of a formal claim by the Eligible Employee under Section 5.7.3, shall be submitted to binding arbitration under the auspices and rules of the American Arbitration Association located nearest to where the Eligible Employee resides. Judgment upon an award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any competent court having jurisdiction over the dispute. The Eligible Employees and Company agree that arbitration is in lieu of any and all other civil legal proceedings and that all rights to resolve disputes through court or trial by jury are hereby waived. Furthermore, the Company agrees that it will reimburse an Eligible Employee for any legal costs arising from an Arbitration proceeding that results in a favorable outcome for such Eligible Employee.
Except as set forth in Sections 3(c)(ii), (iii) and (iv) below, the option herein granted must be exercised by the Optionee only while the Optionee is an employee (or within 90 days of the termination of Optionee’s employment if the basis for such termination is not otherwise addressed below) of the Company or one of its subsidiaries as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code during the period beginning with the Date of Grant and ending on the Expiration Date. Options that do not become exercisable in accordance with Section 2 shall terminate on the 90 th day following the termination of Optionee’s employment.
In the event of the death of a Participant during the period of Continuous Service since the Grant Date of an Option, or within 12 months following termination of the Participant’s Continuous Service, the Option may be exercised, at any time within 12 months following the date of the Participant’s death (or such earlier date on which the Option expires), by the Participant’s estate or by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent the right to exercise the Option had vested at the date of death or, if earlier, the date the Participant’s Continuous Service terminated.
Unless and until changed by the Company, your job position and title will be Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
The Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, remains in full force and effect, and embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior oral and written agreements or understandings by and between the parties regarding the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement.
No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any federal, state or local governmental authority or any other person or entity is required in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for compliance with notice filing and other requirements under federal and applicable state securities laws.
All notices or other communications required hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given: (a) when delivered in person (with receipt therefor); (b) on the next business day after deposit with a recognized overnight delivery service; (c) on the third (3rd) business day after being sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to addresses of Landlord and Tenant set forth in Section 1; or (d) when delivered via electronic transmission, including email, to the addresses of Landlord and Tenant set forth in Section 1.  Either party may change its address for the giving of notices by notice given in accordance with this Section. A party's refusal to accept delivery of any notice or communication sent by the other party shall not render such notice ineffective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all bills, statements, invoices or other communications from Landlord to Tenant with respect to Rent may be sent to Tenant by regular United States mail.
EACH PARTY WAIVES AND RELEASES THE OTHER PARTY FROM ANY CLAIMS OR LIABILITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS. BOTH RYDER AND CUSTOMER WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT RELATING TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE VOSA.
Executive will have the authority, duties and responsibilities customarily associated with the position of Chief Executive Officer, consistent with the Company’s by-laws and applicable law. Executive will have such additional duties and responsibilities commensurate with his position as the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) may assign to him from time to time. Executive will report directly to and be subject to the control and direction of the Board. The Company will use its reasonable efforts to ensure that Executive will continue to be a member of the Board during the period of his employment under this Agreement. At the request of the Board, Executive shall serve as an officer and director of the Company’s subsidiaries and other affiliates without additional compensation. Executive will observe and adhere to all applicable written Company policies and procedures in effect from time to time, including, and without limitation, policies on business ethics and conduct, and policies on the use of inside information and insider trading.
The Severance Benefits are contingent upon and subject to your execution and non-revocation of the Release following the Separation Date in accordance with Sections 5(b) and 24(c) of the Employment Agreement , and you agree to sign and be bound by the Release which will be considered an integral part of this Letter Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter expressly addressed herein and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, written and oral, between the Parties with respect to such subject matter. However, nothing in this Paragraph 22 is intended to limit any obligations of the Parties under any other agreement that Employer may enter into with Executive after the earlier of the Effective Date or the execution of this Agreement by Executive. The provisions of this Agreement which provide for accelerated vesting and extended exercisability of stock options shall constitute amendments to any stock option agreements previously or hereafter entered into between Executive and Employer.
Each payment by any of the Guarantors to the Administrative Agent under this Guaranty shall be made by transferring the amount thereof in immediately available funds without set-off or counterclaim.
Should any section, or portion thereof, of this Agreement be held invalid by reason of any law, statute, or regulation existing now or in the future in any jurisdiction by any court of competent authority or by a legally enforceable directive of any governmental body, such section or portion thereof will be validly reformed so as to approximate the intent of the Parties as nearly as possible and, if unreformable, will be deemed divisible and deleted with respect to such jurisdiction, but the Agreement will not otherwise be affected.
Pledgor has full power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Pledged Agreement and to incur and perform the obligations provided for herein and therein. The execution, delivery and performance by Pledgor of this Agreement and the Pledged Agreement, as applicable, has been duly authorized by all necessary action pursuant to its organizational documents, and a true, correct and complete copy of such authorization has been delivered to Pledgee.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties hereto respecting the matters within its scope.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements of the parties hereto on the subject matter hereof with the exception of the Indemnification Agreement   as noted herein.  Any prior negotiations, correspondence, agreements, proposals, or understandings relating to the subject matter hereof shall be deemed to be merged into this Agreement and to the extent inconsistent herewith, such negotiations, correspondence, agreements, proposals, or understandings shall be deemed to be of no force or effect.  There are no representations, warranties, or agreements, whether express or implied, or oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, except as set forth herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement is not intended to modify or extinguish any rights or obligations contained in (i) any stock option, restricted stock or other equity or equity-based award agreement between Executive and RGP that was executed prior to the Separation Date or (ii) the Indemnification Agreement.
The Company reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time by action of the Compensation Committee of the Board. Upon termination of the Plan, all Elective Deferrals and Company contributions will cease and no future Elective Deferrals or Company contributions will be made. Termination of the Plan shall not operate to eliminate or reduce a Participant’s vested Account balances.
Any breach of Section 2 or 3 will cause irreparable harm to Company for which damages would not be an adequate remedy, and therefore, Company will be entitled to injunctive relief with respect thereto in addition to any other remedies. The failure of either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. No changes or modifications or waivers to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys’ fees. Headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall in no way affect interpretation of the Agreement. This Agreement integrates and supersedes any prior and/or contemporaneous agreements and/or discussions between the parties. This Agreement incorporates the provisions of Appendix 1, but in the event of conflict between Appendix 1 and the terms already set forth in this Agreement, the terms already set forth in this Agreement shall prevail.
Each Party will upon reasonable request provide the other Party and the other Party’s respective Affiliates, agents and vendors all information reasonably necessary to the other Party’s performance of its obligations hereunder.  The Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts and to cooperate with each other to carry out their obligations hereunder and to effectuate the terms of this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no later than January 15, 2017, (a) YUM shall provide to SpinCo all information relating to the performance of the YUM Group following the Distribution that is necessary for SpinCo to calculate any performance bonuses (including any leadership bonuses) payable to any SpinCo Employee or SpinCo Former Employee for the 2016 calendar year and (b) SpinCo shall provide to YUM all information relating to the performance of the SpinCo Group following the Distribution that is necessary for YUM to calculate any performance bonuses (including any leadership bonuses) payable to any YUM Employee or YUM Former Employee for the 2016 calendar year.
The Developer shall pay for his own expenses unless otherwise agreed or required by MyDx and pre-approved.
The Lenders severally agree to indemnify each Agent, any Issuing Lender and Swingline Lender in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Aggregate Exposure Percentages in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section 9.7 (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Aggregate Exposure Percentages immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent, any Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent, any Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided , that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent’s, Issuing Lender’s or Swingline Lender’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The agreements in this Section 9.7 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
At the Closing, the Investor shall deliver to the Company (i) the purchase price for the Common Shares being purchased by the Investor by check or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company prior to the Closing, and (ii) the documents set forth in Section 6(b)(iv) of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company hereby authorizes and instructs the Investor to deduct from the purchase price to be paid at the Closing the fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to reimburse the Investor for pursuant to Section 5(c) of this Agreement.
Each Holder agrees that all material non-public information provided pursuant to or in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be kept confidential by the person to whom such information is provided, until such time as such information becomes public other than through violation of this provision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any party may disclose the information (i) if required to do so by any law, rule, regulation, order, decree or subpoena of any governmental agency or authority or court, (ii) that (A) is or becomes available to such party on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or its representatives (which source was not to such party’s knowledge prohibited from disclosing such information to such party by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation owed to the Company), (B) is already in such party’s possession (not including information furnished by or on behalf of the Company), and (C) is independently developed or acquired by such party without reference to, or use of, any material non-public information and without violating this Section 5.13 and (iii) to its representatives who have a need to know such information in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, provided that such party shall remain liable for any breach of this Section 5.13 by its representatives.
Each Borrower shall be deemed to have consented and agreed that, without notice to or by Borrower and without affecting or impair-ing in any way the obligations or liability of Borrower hereunder, PFG may, from time to time before or after revocation of this Agreement, do any one or more of the following in PFG's sole and absolute discretion:  (i) accept partial payments of, compromise or settle, re-new, extend the time for the payment, dis-charge, or performance of, refuse to enforce, and release all or any parties to, any or all of the Obligations; (ii) grant any other indul-gence to any Borrower or any other Person in respect of any or all of the Obligations or any other matter; (iii) accept, release, waive, surren-der, enforce, exchange, modify, impair, or extend the time for the performance, discharge, or payment of, any and all property of any kind securing any or all of the Obligations or any guaranty of any or all of the Obligations, or on which PFG at any time may have a Lien, or refuse to enforce its rights or make any com-promise or settlement or agreement therefor in respect of any or all of such property; (iv) substitute or add, or take any action or omit to take any action which results in the release of, any one or more other Borrowers or any en-dorsers or guarantors of all or any part of the Obligations, includ-ing, without limitation one or more parties to this Agreement, regard-less of any destruction or impairment of any right of contribution or other right of Borrower; (v) apply any sums re-ceived from any other Borrower, any guarantor, endorser, or co-signer, or from the disposition of any Collat-eral or security, to any indebtedness whatsoever owing from such Person or secured by such Collateral or security, in such manner and order as PFG determines in its sole discretion, and regardless of whether such indebtedness is part of the Obligations, is secured, or is due and payable.  Borrower con-sents and agrees that PFG shall be under no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of Borrower, or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations.  Borrower further consents and agrees that PFG shall have no duties or responsibilities whatso-ever with respect to any property securing any or all of the Obligations.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, PFG shall have no obligation to monitor, verify, audit, examine, or obtain or maintain any insurance with respect to, any property se-curing any or all of the Obligations.
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the date hereof ("Effective Date") and shall end on the first anniversary date (the "Initial Term") following the Effective Date unless terminated earlier as provided in this Agreement. Following expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue for three (3) successive one (1) year term unless either party shall notify the other at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then term that such party is terminating this Agreement.
The entities listed on Schedule C hereto are the only direct or indirect Subsidiaries of the Company. Each such Subsidiary has been duly incorporated or formed and is existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, with corporate, limited liability company, limited partnership, and/or other similar power and authority to own its properties and conduct businesses in which it is currently engaged; and each Subsidiary listed on Schedule C hereto is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or other entity in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be duly qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock or other ownership interests of each such Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued and, in the case of any such corporation, is fully paid and nonassessable; and the capital stock or other ownership interests of each such Subsidiary owned by the Company, directly or indirectly, is owned free from liens, encumbrances and defects, except for Liens pursuant to credit agreements and related security agreements disclosed or referred to in the Company SEC Documents, or as otherwise would not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Co-Venturers and their designated representatives shall be afforded full and complete access to the books and records of the Joint Venture during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice for the purpose of inspection, examination and copying or any other purpose including, without limitation, an audit of the financial records and operations of the Joint Venture.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section 8.2 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the Issuing Lender; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the Issuing Lender or the Swing Loan Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as the Issuing Lender or Swing Loan Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 8.2.3 (subject to the terms of Section 4.3 [Sharing of Payments by Lenders]), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Insolvency Proceeding; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.2.4, and (ii) in addition to the matters specified in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 4.3 [Sharing of Payments by Lenders]), any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders.
The Seller represents and Certificates that all action on the part of Seller necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery, and performance of all the obligations of Seller under this Agreement has been taken prior to the Closing Date and that this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Seller enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, and moratorium laws and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditor’s rights generally and to general equitable principles. Seller may also sell all securities and execute a promissory note as contemplated by tins Agreement.
You are also being offered the Company’s standard Change In Control Severance Agreement for Executive Vice Presidents, which is being provided under separate cover.
All liens and security interests securing reimbursement obligations and other obligations owed to the applicable U.S. L/C Issuer of any U.S. Bond L/C under the related Bond Documents (including any U.S. L/C Borrowing), any rights in and to any Bonds or other certificates of indebtedness issued to such L/C Issuer under the related Bond Documents, and any voting rights or other rights created in favor of such L/C Issuer under or pursuant to or in connection with any related Bond Documents (collectively, the “ Bond Rights ”), now or hereafter existing in favor of such L/C Issuer, are hereby assigned and conveyed by the applicable U.S. L/C Issuer to U.S. Funding Agent for the ratable benefit of U.S. Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any U.S. Bond L/C, any Bonds or certificates of indebtedness purchased from the owner thereof by the applicable Trustee with funds received pursuant to a drawing under any U.S. Bond L/C shall be registered in the name of U.S. Funding Agent and shall be delivered to or held by U.S. Funding Agent or such other entity as may be specified by the applicable L/C Issuer and approved by U.S. Funding Agent in a written instrument delivered to the applicable Trustee, for the benefit of the applicable L/C Issuer, U.S. Funding Agent and the other U.S. Lenders. Each L/C Issuer of a U.S. Bond L/C agrees to execute all such other assignments, conveyances, financing statements and other documents required by U.S. Funding Agent to effect the requirements of this Section 5.14.2 ; provided that, U.S. Lenders, U.S. Funding Agent and such U.S. L/C Issuer agree that in the event any Bonds or certificates of indebtedness are issued to such U.S. L/C Issuer (or U.S. Funding Agent as the assignee of such U.S. L/C Issuer) as a result of a drawing by the applicable Trustee under the U.S. Bond L/C for which such U.S. L/C Issuer is not immediately reimbursed, and subsequently the Bonds are remarketed and such U.S. L/C Issuer is reimbursed for all amounts so advanced (which reimbursement may be a repayment of any Loan disbursed by U.S. Lenders as payment of the related U.S. Letter of Credit reimbursement obligations under Section 5.3.2 or a repayment of an U.S. L/C Borrowing), then any Bonds or certificates of indebtedness shall be released by U.S. Funding Agent and delivered to such Trustee without any further authorization from U.S. Lenders or such U.S. L/C Issuer.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof that would require the application of any other laws.
GSSI is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary under applicable law except where the failure to qualify (individually or in the aggregate) will not have any material adverse effect on the business or prospects of GSSI.
This Agreement contains the entire Agreement and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and the letters of intent between the parties.
The parties hereto agree that it is their intention that the ABL Collateral, the Note Collateral and any Additional First Lien Collateral be identical except as provided in Article VI and as otherwise provided herein. In furtherance of the foregoing and of Section 8.08 , the parties hereto agree, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, upon request by the ABL Agent, the Notes Agent or any Additional First Lien Agent, to cooperate in good faith (and to direct their counsel to cooperate in good faith) from time to time in order to determine the specific items included in the ABL Collateral, the Note Collateral and any Additional First Lien Collateral and the steps taken to perfect their respective Liens thereon and the identity of the respective parties obligated under the ABL Loan Documents and the First Lien Documents.
Terms used frequently with the same meaning are indicated by initial capital letters, and are defined throughout the Plan. Appendix A contains an alphabetical listing of all such terms and the subsections in which they are defined.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile and other electronic transmission), and all of such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.
The Executive is authorized to incur reasonable, ordinary and necessary expenses in the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder. The Employer will promptly reimburse the Executive for all expenses reasonably, necessarily and actually incurred, as determined by the Company, in accordance with policies which may be adopted from time to time by the Company. To receive reimbursement, the Executive shall present to the Company an itemized account, including reasonable substantiation, of such expenses.
All action on the part of the Seller, its officers, directors, and shareholders necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of all obligations of the Seller hereunder, and the sale of the Transferred Units being sold hereunder has been taken, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Seller, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.
This Agreement and the Merger contemplated hereby have been approved by the requisite vote of the majority of the shareholders by written consent at a shareholder meeting of the Constituent Corporations stockholders in accordance with the DGCL and FLBCA and compliance with the requirements of law, including the securities laws of the United States. As promptly as practicable after the later of (a) approval of this Agreement by the Constituent Corporations stockholders in accordance with applicable law, the Constituent Corporations chief executive officer Mr. Noel Mijares or secretary, Mr. David A. Bingaman s hall promptly make and execute the Articles of Merger and shall cause such documents as necessary to be filed with the Secretary of State of Florida in accordance with the FLBCA and Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with DGCL. The execution and delivery hereof by the constituent corporations shall constitute the approval and adoption of, and consent to, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
If you are resident or employed outside the U.S., as a condition of the Option, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different).  In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and/or regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different).  Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal obligations under local laws, rules and/or regulations in your country of residence and country of employment, if different).
This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect as of the Expiration Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing set forth in this Section 12 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall relieve either party hereto from any liability, or otherwise limit the liability of either party from any liability for any intentional breach of any obligation or other provision contained in this Agreement.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller agrees to sell and convey to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to purchase and receive from Seller, the Assets, as defined below.
The Original Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Original Closing Date.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Facsimiles (including facsimiles of the signature pages of this Agreement) shall have the same legal effect hereunder as originals.
Seller shall not, without Purchaser’s prior written consent, deliver any inconsistent directions to any Counterparty regarding the payment of the Purchased Receivables or the delivery of Royalty Reports to Purchaser of the type referred to in the Consent and Instruction Letter or any similar Transaction Documents entered into from time to time.
In the event of a Change in Control, the Options shall vest or continue and shall have such treatment, as set forth in the Plan.
Each Seller shall (a) preserve and maintain its legal existence, (b) qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified would have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) comply with its Governing Documents, including all special purpose entity provisions, and (d) not modify, amend or terminate its Governing Documents. Each Seller shall (a) continue to engage in the same (and no other) general lines of business as presently conducted by it, (b) maintain and preserve all of its material rights, privileges, licenses and franchises necessary for the operation of its business, and (c) maintain such Seller’s status as a qualified transferee, qualified lender or any similar term (however defined) under the Mortgage Loan Documents. No Seller shall (A) change its name, organizational number, tax identification or business number, fiscal year, method of accounting, identity, structure or jurisdiction of organization (or have more than one such jurisdiction), move the location of its principal place of business and chief executive office, as defined in the UCC) from the location referred to in Section 7.18 , or (B) move, or consent to Custodian moving, the Mortgage Loan Documents from the location thereof on the applicable Purchase Date for the related Purchased Asset, unless in each case such Seller has given at least thirty (30) days prior notice to Buyer and has taken all actions required under the UCC to continue the first priority perfected security interest of Buyer in the Purchased Assets. Seller shall enter into each Transaction as principal.
The Company will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.
The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the person or persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion.
All notices or other written communications hereunder shall be made in accordance with (a) Section 10.6 of the Loan Agreement in the case of Lender and Borrower, and (b) the respective Guaranty Agreement executed by Indemnitor in the case of any Indemnitor.
As used herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in the body of this Agreement or in Appendix I .
The Agreement shall be effective as of the first day of My employment by the Company, as affirmed or reaffirmed by my signature below.
Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, or sent by overnight courier, at the sender’s expense. Notice will be deemed given when delivered personally or, if mailed, three (3) days after the date of deposit in the mail or, if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent. Notice to the Company should be sent to CIFC Corp., 250 Park Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10177.  Notice to the Participant should be sent to the address set forth on the signature page below.
No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless and until the Participant pays to the Company, or makes provision satisfactory to the Company for payment of, any federal, state or local withholding taxes required by law to be withheld in respect of this Option. Such withholding taxes may be satisfied, at the discretion of the Board, by the withholding of Shares of Common Stock of the Company.
Failure by Landlord to declare an Event of Default upon occurrence thereof, or delay in taking any action in connection therewith, shall not waive such Event of Default, but Landlord shall have the right to declare such Event of Default at any time after its occurrence.  To be effective, a waiver of any provision of this Lease, or any default, shall be in writing and signed by the waiving party.  Any waiver hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of subsequent performance of any such provision or subsequent defaults.  The subsequent acceptance of Rent hereunder, or endorsement of any check by Landlord, shall not be deemed to constitute an accord and satisfaction or a waiver of any preceding Event of Default, except as to the particular Rent so accepted, regardless of Landlord’s knowledge of the preceding Event of Default at the time of acceptance of the Rent.  No course of conduct between Landlord and Tenant, and no acceptance of the keys to or possession of the Premises by Landlord before the Expiration Date, shall constitute a waiver of any provision of this Lease or of any Event of Default, or operate as a surrender of this Lease.
During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Partnership, the Employer and the Affiliated Companies as in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Partnership, the Employer and the Affiliated Companies.
Subject to, and in accordance with the provisions of Article 3 of the Plan, any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to the Plan, this Agreement or the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant shall be settled by binding arbitration before a single arbitrator in Jacksonville, Florida and in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator shall decide any issues submitted in accordance with the provisions and commercial purposes of the Plan, this Agreement and the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant, provided that all substantive questions of law shall be determined in accordance with the state and federal laws applicable in Indiana, without regard to internal principles relating to conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for the Term. If the Agreement is in effect at the end of the Initial Term, the Term shall be renewed automatically for successive twelve-month periods unless and until one party gives written notice to the others of its or her intent not to extend this Agreement with such written notice to be given not less than ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any such twelve-month period. In the event such notice of non-extension is properly given, this Agreement shall terminate at the end of the remaining Term then in effect, subject to earlier termination in connection with the termination of the Executive’s employment pursuant to Section 4 hereof. In the event that either party provides timely notice of non-renewal of the Agreement, but the Executive continues to provide services to the Employer as an employee following the expiration of the then Term, such post-expiration employment shall be deemed to be performed on an “at-will” basis and either party may thereafter terminate such employment with or without notice and for any or no reason and without any obligations determined by reference to this Agreement.
In accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, at the Closing, the Seller will sell and transfer to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser will purchase and acquire from the Seller, all of the Shares, free and clear of all Claims (other than any restrictions on transferability imposed by applicable securities Laws).
The Company will pay the Executive an annual base salary, which initially is $250,000, which base salary as in effect from time to time will be reviewed periodically (at intervals of not more than twelve (12) months) by the compensation committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”). In evaluating increases in the Executive’s base salary, the Compensation Committee will take into account such factors as corporate performance in relation to the business plan approved by the Board, individual merit, and such other considerations as it deems appropriate. The Executive’s base salary will be paid in accordance with the standard practices for other corporate executives of the Company.
ImmunoGen and Biotest shall each bear all expenses of their respective JDC representatives related to their participation on the JDC and attendance at JDC meetings.
Certain terms used in this Agreement are defined in this Section 1.1 .  These terms, and the additional terms defined above, shall have the meanings assigned wherever the terms appear in this Agreement. These meanings are also applicable to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.
Employee hereby represents to Extraction that Employee has read and understands, and agrees to be bound by, the terms of this Article VIII.  Employee acknowledges that the geographic scope and duration of the covenants contained in this Article VIII are the result of arm’s-length bargaining and are fair and reasonable in light of (a) the nature and wide geographic scope of the operations of the Business, (b) Employee’s level of control over and contact with the Business in all jurisdictions in which it is conducted, (c) the fact that the Business is conducted throughout the Restricted Area and (d) the amount of Confidential Information that Employee is receiving in connection with the performance of Employee’s duties hereunder.  It is the desire and intent of the parties that the provisions of this Article VIII be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Legal Requirements, whether now or hereafter in effect and therefore, to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, Employee and Extraction hereby waive any provision of applicable Legal Requirements that would render any provision of this Article VIII invalid or unenforceable.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Holder at the Holder’s last address reflected on the Company’s payroll records.  Any notice shall be delivered in person or shall be enclosed in a properly sealed envelope, addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date which it is personally delivered or, whether actually received or not, on the third business day after mailing in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Paragraph 10.
With respect to our opinions in Paragraphs 5(a)(i) and 5(b)(i) as they relate to Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Borrowers will comply with the provisions of the Credit Agreement relating to the use of proceeds.
The Lenders agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent and its Related Parties, ratably according to their pro rata share of the Aggregate Credit Facility Exposure (excluding Swing Loans), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, reasonable expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (including, without limitation, at any time following the payment of the Obligations) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such Related Parties in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative Agent or such Related Parties under or in connection with any of the foregoing, but only to the extent that any of the foregoing is not paid by the Borrower; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable to the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements to the extent resulting solely from the Administrative Agent’s or such Related Parties’ gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. If any indemnity furnished to the Administrative Agent or any such Related Parties for any purpose shall, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, be insufficient or become impaired, the Administrative Agent may cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against. The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of all Obligations.
The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrowers nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (except as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 7.04 ) and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
The Reorganized Company will utilize the proceeds from the exercise of the Subscription Rights and the sale of the Unsubscribed Shares (together with the Exit Facility) and less than 50% of the total number of Common Shares outstanding (without accounting for dilution from the EIP) to purchase the Debtors’ assets (or equity in an entity that holds such assets) in a transaction that is intended to be taxable from a U.S. federal income tax perspective. The Debtors will apply the proceeds from the exercise of the Subscription Rights and the sale of the Unsubscribed Shares (together with the Exit Facility and the Common Shares received) for the purposes identified in the Disclosure Statement and the Plan.
Each of the undersigned Grantor hereby represents and warrants that this Supplement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and that this Supplement and the Security Agreement constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the undersigned, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
The headings in the Paragraphs of this Amendment ar e inserted for convenience only and will not constitute a part of this Agreement.
Without limiting, and in addition to, the provisions of Section 10.02 , the Seller agrees to indemnify the Buyer and to hold the Buyer harmless from any loss or expense that the Buyer may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) a default by the Seller in payment when due of the Repurchase Price or Price Differential or (ii) a default by the Seller in making any prepayment of Repurchase Price after the Seller has given a notice thereof in accordance with Section 2.03 .
Except as set forth on Schedule 2.21(i) , neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will or may (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent events): (i) constitute an event under any Acquired Company Employee Plan or trust that will or may result (either alone or in connection with any other circumstance or event) in any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of Indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits (through a grantor trust or otherwise) with respect to any Acquired Company employee; or (ii) create or otherwise result in any Liability with respect to any Acquired Company Employee Plan. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.21(i) , no Acquired Company is a party to any Contract that could result, separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of an “excess parachute payment” within the meaning of Section 280G as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. None of the Acquired Companies has any obligation to make a “gross-up” or similar payment in respect of any Taxes that may become payable under Section 4999 of the Code.
The Borrower Parties:  (1) shall comply, in all material respects, with all material Requirements of Law of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business, and (2) shall, to the extent that the failure of the same would have a Material Adverse Effect, comply, in all respects, with all Contractual Obligations.  The Borrower Parties shall, to the extent that the failure of the same would have a Material Adverse Effect, cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to:  (1) comply, in all respects, with all Requirements of Law of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business, and (2) comply, in all respects, with all Contractual Obligations.
Each of the Loan Parties and its Restricted Subsidiaries has filed all material federal, state and other Tax returns and other material tax reports that it is required by law to file, and has paid, or made reasonably adequate provision for the payment of, all Taxes upon it, its income and its Properties that are shown due and payable on such returns, except to the extent being Properly Contested.
(a) There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of Guarantor, threatened against or affecting Guarantor or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (i) which could reasonably be expected to be adversely determined and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
Each Party’s obligation under this Agreement is unique.  If any Party should breach its covenants or agreements under this Agreement, the Parties each acknowledge that it would be extremely impracticable to measure the resulting damages; accordingly, the nonbreaching Party or Parties, in addition to any other available rights or remedies they may have under the terms of this Agreement, may sue in equity for specific performance or to obtain an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement, and each Party expressly waives the defense that a remedy in damages will be adequate.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 paid by the assigning Lender (or the assignee); provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
The Closing shall take place on the Closing Date, as the same may be adjusted by mutual agreement of the Parties, provided all conditions to the Closing have been satisfied or duly waived.
To Borrower's and Approved Music Venue's knowledge, (i) there are no actions, suits, proceedings, arbitrations or governmental investigations by or before any Governmental Authority or other court or agency now filed or otherwise pending and (ii) there are no such actions, suits, proceedings, arbitrations or governmental investigations threatened against or affecting any Required SPE, Sponsor or the Collateral, in each case, except as listed in the Exception Report (and none of the matters listed in the Exception Report, even if determined against a Required SPE or the Collateral, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect).
Each Lender hereby designates and appoints Bank of America as its Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes the Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agent agrees to act as such on the express conditions contained in this Article 12 . The provisions of this Article 12 are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders and the Borrower shall not have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any of the provisions contained herein. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, the Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term “ agent ” in this Agreement with reference to the Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Agent shall have and may use its sole discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any discretionary rights or taking or refraining from taking any actions which the Agent is expressly entitled to take or assert under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 9.2 , and any action so taken or not taken shall be deemed consented to by the Lenders.
By signing this letter agreement, and as a condition to your continued management service with the Company, you agree to sign the enclosed Arbitration Agreement within thirty (30) days of signing this Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to the specific subject matter hereof and no party shall be liable or bound by any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement except as specifically set forth herein. Any previous agreement (whether written, oral or implied) among the parties relative to the specific subject matter hereof is superseded by this Agreement.
All disclosure provided to the Investor regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by or on behalf of the Company (including the Company’s representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement) are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
As of the Effective Time, (x) the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in part (a) of Schedule 6.19 hereto and has no material equity investments in any other Person other than those specifically disclosed in part (b) of Schedule 6.19 and (y) and each Subsidiary of the Company (other than Ellwood) that is a Guarantor has executed this Agreement, the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents.
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, but shall be interpreted as if it were written so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the parties hereby waive any provision of law which renders any provisions hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect.
The parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement.  If an ambiguity or a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.  When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.  The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  Whenever the words “include,” “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation.”  The words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereunder” and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.  Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  References to “party” or “parties” in this Agreement mean the Company and each Shareholder, as the case may be.  Time periods within or following which any act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day.
EACH CO-BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS SITTING IN DALLAS COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH TEXAS STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY CO-BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the “ Intellectual Property Rights ”). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as set forth in the Credit Agreement.
The Committee shall have the authority to determine the Employees, Consultants and Directors to whom Performance Awards may be granted.  The Committee may use such business criteria and other measures of performance as it may deem appropriate in establishing any performance conditions, and may exercise its discretion to reduce or increase the amounts payable under any Award subject to performance conditions.
Any notice, demand, statement, request, consent or other communication made hereunder shall be in writing and delivered (i) personally, (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested or (iii) by depositing the same with FedEx or another reputable private courier service, postage prepaid, for next business day delivery, to the parties at their addresses first set forth above and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, or four (4) Business Days after being placed in the United States mail, if sent by certified or registered mail, or one (1) business day after deposit with such private courier service.  Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was given as herein required shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice, demand or request sent.  By giving to the other parties hereto at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice thereof in accordance with the provisions hereof, the parties hereto shall have the right from time to time to change their respective addresses to any other address within the United States of America.  Tenant agrees to send a copy of any notice or statement under the Lease to Lender at the same time such notice or statement is sent to Landlord.
This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the permitted successors or assigns of the respective parties hereto, except that neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the express written consent of the other (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original and such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or via other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
Each Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall hold all non-public information obtained by such Agent, such Lender or such Transferee pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement in accordance with such Agent’s, such Lender’s and such Transferee’s customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature; provided , however, each Agent, each Lender and each Transferee may disclose such confidential information (a) to its examiners, Affiliates, outside auditors, counsel and other professional advisors, (b) to any Agent, any Lender or to any prospective Transferees, and (c) as required or requested by any Governmental Body or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process; provided, further that (i) unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law, each Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall use its reasonable best efforts prior to disclosure thereof, to notify the applicable Borrower of the applicable request for disclosure of such non-public information (A) by a Governmental Body or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of a Lender or a Transferee by such Governmental Body) or (B) pursuant to legal process and (ii) in no event shall any Agent, any Lender or any Transferee be obligated to return any materials furnished by any Borrower other than those documents and instruments in possession of any Agent or any Lender in order to perfect its Lien on the Collateral once the Obligations have been paid in full and this Agreement has been terminated. Each Borrower acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to such Borrower or one or more of its Affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more Subsidiaries or Affiliates of such Lender and each Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by such Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, to any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender, it being understood that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Lender receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of this Section 16.15 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any non-disclosure agreement or similar document executed by Administrative Agent in favor of any Borrower or any of any Borrower’s affiliates, the provisions of this Agreement shall supersede such agreements. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no material non-public information obtained by the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement shall be disclosed at any time to a Company Competitor without the express consent of NESL.
The terms and conditions herein constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and shall supersede all previous agreements, either oral or written, between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. No agreement of understanding bearing on this Agreement shall be binding upon either Party hereto unless it shall be in writing and signed by the duly authorized officer or representative of each of the Parties and shall expressly refer to this Agreement.
The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of this Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3.
There shall be no litigation, arbitration, administrative proceeding or consent decree that could reasonably be expected to (1) have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (2) materially impair the ability of the parties to consummate the Transaction.
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the other Party may be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in all material respects or otherwise are breached. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the Parties agrees that the other Party will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the provisions of this Agreement, and/or to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof, in any action instituted in any court or tribunal having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter, without posting any bond or other security, and that such injunctive relief shall be in addition to any other remedies to which such Party may be entitled, at law or in equity.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(b) , (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required to be paid under this Agreement shall be based on (or result in) a rate that is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
All disputes which may arise between the Parties hereto in respect of this Agreement shall tried to be settled amicably through mutual consultation within thirty (30) days of a written settlement request of either Party. In the event that efforts to settle a dispute arising under this Agreement are not successful, the Parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Hamburg, Germany, with the exclusion of any other jurisdiction or arbitration.
Your employment under this letter agreement will continue for a five year term, expiring December 31, 2020 (the “Expiration Date”), unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement.
At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and behalf of the Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger.
All references to Lender or its Affiliates contained in any press release, advertisement, promotional material or other information prepared by Borrower or any Subsidiary must be approved in writing by Lender in advance of issuance and all references to Borrower or its Affiliates contained in any press release, advertisement, promotional material or other information prepared by Lender must be approved in writing by Borrower in advance of issuance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of Borrower and Lender retains the right in its sole discretion to disclose this Agreement (including its terms and conditions), as well as the identity of the Borrower or Lender, respectively, as needed to comply with its obligations under applicable Laws, including stock exchange regulations.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when two or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties (including by facsimile or via portable document format (.pdf)), it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission or portable document format (“.pdf”)) in one or more counterparts, and by the Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, inducements, and conditions, express or implied, oral or written (including without limitation the Prior Agreement), except as herein contained, and excluding the Proprietary Rights Agreement and the equity award agreements and Company’s equity plan(s) under which the Executive’s outstanding equity awards were granted, with such agreements incorporated by reference into this Agreement. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. This Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in writing signed by both parties hereto.
The capitalization of the Company is as described in the Company’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as applicable, (i) no shares of the Company's capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company, (ii) except as described in the Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2015, there are no outstanding debt securities of the Company, (iii) except as described in the Company’s most recent Form 10-K or 10-Q, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their respective securities under the Securities Act which have not been so registered, except for shares issuable under the promissory note to Goldman Sachs & Co., (v) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities as described in this Agreement and (vii) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or "phantom stock" plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. The Company has furnished or made available to the Investor true and correct copies of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the “ Certificate of Incorporation ”), and the Company's Bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the " Bylaws "), and summaries of the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, if any, and copies of any documents containing the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.
The fair salable value of Borrower’s assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the fair value of its liabilities; Borrower is not left with unreasonably small capital after the transactions in this Agreement; and Borrower is able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature.
Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 5 of notice of the commencement of any action (including any governmental action), such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 5 deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in and if the indemnifying party agrees in writing that it will be responsible for any costs, expenses, judgments, damages and losses incurred by the indemnified party with respect to such claim, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the parties; provided, however, that an indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if the indemnified party reasonably believes that representation of such indemnified party by the counsel retained by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such indemnified party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.  The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the indemnified party under this Agreement only if and to the extent that such failure is prejudicial to its ability to defend such action, and the omission so to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party will not relieve it of any liability that it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Agreement.
The Corporation hereby employs the Employee and the Employee hereby accepts employment as an Employee of the Corporation, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, and venue for any action brought with respect to any claims arising out of this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in Dallas County, Texas.
This Agreement shall become effective (other than Section 2.01, which shall only become effective upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01) when it shall have been executed by PPG and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Initial Lender that such Initial Lender has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Borrower (including PPG as guarantor under Article VII) shall have the right to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, provided that any Borrower other than PPG may assign its rights or obligations to PPG or any other Borrower without such prior written consent.
This Intellectual Property Security Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and all disputes between the parties under or relating to this Intellectual Property Security Agreement or the facts or circumstances leading to its execution, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws (including statutes of limitation) of the State of Michigan, without regard to conflict of law principles that would require the application of laws of another jurisdiction.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except: (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of clause (b) of this Section; (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of clause (d) of this Section; or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of clause (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in clause (d) of this Section, and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled.
The Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party, to perform the Purchaser’s obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (a) have been duly and validly authorized by the board of directors of the Purchaser, and (b) no other corporate proceedings, other than as set forth elsewhere in the Agreement, on the part of the Purchaser are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and each Ancillary Document to which the Purchaser is a party shall be when delivered, duly and validly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and such Ancillary Documents by the other parties hereto and thereto, constitutes, or when delivered shall constitute, the valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and moratorium laws and other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by any applicable statute of limitation or by any valid defense of set-off or counterclaim, and the fact that equitable remedies or relief (including the remedy of specific performance) are subject to the discretion of the court from which such relief may be sought (collectively, the “ Enforceability Exceptions ”).
On or prior to the Initial Borrowing Date, the Effective Date shall have occurred.
The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding among the Borrowers, the Agent, the LC Issuer and the Lenders and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the Borrowers, the Agent, the LC Issuer and the Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof other than any fee letters among any Borrowers and the Agent and any other agreements of any of the Borrowers with the Agent which survive the execution of the Loan Documents.
No consent or waiver, express or implied, by any party of a breach or default by any party in the performance of its obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance by such party of the same or any other obligations of such party hereunder.
(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate.
Fulton Financial Corporation shall have the right to amend the Plan at such time or times and in such manner as it deems advisable and, by adopting this Plan, each Employer is deemed to consent to, and be bound by, any such amendment without further act or deed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment shall affect the amount of the Participant's accrued but unpaid benefit (including the amount of the deemed earnings that have accrued thereon), or the right of the Participant to receive his accrued but unpaid benefit, at the time the amendment becomes effective.
Except as expressly provided in this Second Amendment, the terms and provisions of the Lease, as previously executed by the parties, shall continue to govern the rights and obligations of the parties and all provisions and covenants of the Lease, as herein amended, remain in full force and effect. The Lease and this Second Amendment constitute the entire understanding and agreement between Landlord and Tenant regarding the subject matter thereof and supersede all other prior written or oral understandings and agreements between Landlord and Tenant with respect thereto and shall constitute but one instrument. Except as expressly set forth herein, neither Landlord nor any of Landlord’s agents or representatives have made any representation or promise, express or implied, in connection with this Second Amendment.
This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistent provisions between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan control. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definitions have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. References to Sections are to Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise noted.
Except as otherwise herein provided, all statements, requests, notices and agreements shall be in writing and delivered by hand, overnight courier, mail or facsimile and, if to the Agent, shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to [            ]; if to the Forward Purchaser, it shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to [            ]; if to the Company, it shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to the Company at the offices of the Company at 777 South Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, Attention:  Chief Financial Officer, with a copy to the Company at 600 Hale Street, P.O. Box 1000, Prides Crossing, MA 01965, Attention:  General Counsel.  Each party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose.
Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement shall be addressed to the Corporate Secretary of the Company at 1 Bella Drive, Westminster, MA  01473, and any notice to the Optionee shall be addressed to such Optionee at the current address shown on file with the Company, or to such other address as the Optionee may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice shall be delivered by hand, sent by telecopy or electronic copy or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service.
Each Borrower shall immediately notify the Borrower Representative of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder referring to this Agreement describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a “notice of default”. In the event that the Borrower Representative receives such a notice, the Borrower Representative shall give prompt notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Any notice provided to the Borrower Representative hereunder shall constitute notice to each Borrower on the date received by the Borrower Representative.
Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the payment of the Severance Benefits and the Pro Rata Bonus Payment, and the provision of the Accelerated Equity Benefit, pursuant to subsection (d), (e) or (g) of this Section 7, shall be conditioned upon Employee’s execution, delivery to the Company, and non-revocation of the Release of Claims (and the expiration of any revocation period contained in such Release of Claims) in accordance with the time limits set forth therein (and, in all events, within sixty (60) days following the Date of termination). If Employee fails to execute the Release of Claims in such a timely manner, or timely revokes Employee’s acceptance of such release following its execution, Employee shall not be entitled to any of the Severance Benefits, the Pro Rata Bonus Payment, or the Accelerated Equity Benefit. Payment of the Severance Benefits will commence on the first regular Company payday that is at least five (5) business days following the date the Company receives a timely, effective and non-revocable Release of Claims (the “ Payment Date ”); provided, however, that the first payment will be retroactive to the day immediately following the Date of Termination. Payment of the Pro Rata Bonus Payment will also be made on the Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any portion of the Severance Benefits or Pro Rata Bonus Payment constitutes “non-qualified deferred compensation” subject to Section 409A of the Code, any payment of such portion scheduled to occur prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of Employee’s termination of employment hereunder, but for the condition on executing the Release of Claims as set forth herein, shall not be made until the first regularly scheduled payroll date following such sixtieth (60th) day, after which any remaining such benefits shall thereafter be provided to Employee according to the applicable schedule set forth herein.
This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which will be an original and both of which will constitute together the same document. Counterparts may be signed and delivered by facsimile or digital transmission (.pdf), each of which will be binding when received by the applicable Party.
As defined in Section 5.1.18.
Subject to the provisions of Section 10.2(a), each of Agent, Lenders, each Credit Party and each of their Related Persons, is authorized (but not required) to transmit, post or otherwise make or communicate, in its sole discretion, Electronic Transmissions in connection with any Loan Document and the transactions contemplated therein.  Each Credit Party and each Secured Party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the use of Electronic Transmissions is not necessarily secure and that there are risks associated with such use, including risks of interception, disclosure and abuse and each indicates it assumes and accepts such risks by hereby authorizing the transmission of Electronic Transmissions.
The Company has disclosed (directly or through disclosure in its reports filed with the SEC) to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
(a) The Holders may exercise the registration rights granted hereunder in such manner and proportions as they shall agree among themselves. The registration rights hereunder shall cease to apply to any particular Shares and such securities shall cease to be Shares when: (i) a registration statement with respect to the sale of such Shares shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such Shares shall have been disposed of in accordance with such registration statement; (ii) such Shares shall have been sold to the public pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor provision); (iii) such Shares shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for them not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of them shall not require registration or qualification of them under the Securities Act or any similar state law then in force or (iv) such Shares shall have ceased to be outstanding.
Except for the fees payable to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co., which shall be paid by Parent, none of Parent, the Sellers, the Companies or the Subsidiaries have paid or become obligated to pay any fee or commission to any broker, finder or other intermediary who might be entitled to any fee or commission in connection with the transactions provided for herein or in connection with the negotiation thereof.
THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT OF THIS INSTRUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY, AND DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS of the State of Delaware (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF), EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PRE-EMPTED BY FEDERAL LAW, WHICH SHALL GOVERN.
Unless there shall occur and be continuing any Event of Default, each Grantor shall have the right to commence and prosecute in its own name, as the party in interest, for its own benefit and at the sole cost and expense of the Grantors, such applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and suits, proceedings or other actions to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value or other damage as are necessary to protect the Intellectual Property Collateral. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and subject to the Financing Orders, the Collateral Agent shall have the right but shall in no way be obligated to file applications for protection of the Intellectual Property Collateral and/or bring suit in the name of any Grantor, the Collateral Agent or the other Credit Parties to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral and any license thereunder. In the event of such suit, each Grantor shall, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, do any and all lawful acts and execute any and all documents requested by the Collateral Agent in aid of such enforcement and the Grantors shall promptly reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent in the exercise of its rights under this SECTION 6.7 in accordance with SECTION 9.3 hereof. In the event that the Collateral Agent shall elect not to bring suit to enforce the Intellectual Property Collateral, each Grantor agrees, at the request of the Collateral Agent, to take all commercially reasonable actions necessary, whether by suit, proceeding or other action, to prevent the infringement, counterfeiting, unfair competition, dilution, diminution in value of or other damage to any of the Intellectual Property Collateral by others and for that purpose agrees to maintain any suit, proceeding or other action against any Person so infringing necessary to prevent such infringement.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Purchaser, and this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
(a) Grant . Subject to the provisions of this Award Agreement (this “Agreement”) and the provisions of the Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Long Term Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), the Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of March 10, 2016 (the “Grant Date”), a number of Restricted Stock Units (the “Restricted Stock Units”) equal to [ ________ ] (the “Target Award”), each with respect to one share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per Share (“Common Stock”). All capitalized terms used herein, to the extent not defined, shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
The execution, delivery and performance by such Buyer of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and the consummation by such Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Buyer, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Buyer is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to such Buyer, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Buyer to perform its obligations hereunder.
The purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place by electronic communication or at such location and on such date as the parties may agree at a closing (the “ Closing ”), to occur following the delivery of all items required to be delivered in connection with Section 1.3 of this Agreement.
In any suit to enforce and/or defend the License Patent Rights pursuant to this Section 8, the party not in control of such suit shall, at the request and expense of the controlling party, reasonably cooperate and, to the extent possible, have its employees testify when requested and make available relevant records, papers, information, samples, specimens, and the like.
In the performance of its obligation to supply Licensed Adjuvants to Purchaser under this Agreement, Supplier shall (i) comply with all Applicable Laws, including those in any Regulatory Approval of any Regulatory Authority (including without limitation, cGMPs as applicable in each relevant country as defined in national and international accepted GMP compendia including PIC/C, WHO GMP Guide and Guide to Good Manufacturing Practices for Medicinal Products as promulgated under European Directive 91/356/EEC), (ii) manufacture the Licensed Adjuvants according to the Adjuvant Specifications, and (iii) obtain and comply with all Regulatory Approvals that are necessary for Supplier to perform its obligations hereunder. Prior to the production of any cGMP supplies by Isconova under this Agreement, including without limitation the Preclinical Supplies, the Parties shall execute a Quality Agreement which shall have the table of contents attached hereto as Exhibit G and upon execution, such Quality Agreement shall be considered Exhibit G hereof in its entirety and attached hereto (the “ Quality Agreement ”).
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder shall be assigned or delegated by any party without the prior written consent of the other party.
Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply, in all material respects, with all Requirements of Law of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business, including, without limitation, the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act, ERISA, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated by OFAC, except such as may be contested in good faith or as to which a bona fide dispute may exist or which the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Loan Parties, taken as a whole.
In addition to any specific survival references in Agreement, Articles 1, 11 and 12 and Sections 2.4, 2.5, 4.2, 4.7, 4.8, 5.3, 5.4, 6.4, 6.5, 7.6, 8.1, 8.2, 9.2, 9.3, 10.1 (in the case of expiration of Agreement in accordance with Section 10.1) 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 and 10.10 shall survive termination or expiration of Agreement.  Any other rights, responsibilities, obligations, covenants and warranties which by their nature should survive Agreement shall similarly survive and remain in effect.
The provisions of this Section 11.3 shall be a contract between the Company, on the one hand, and each Covered Person who served in such capacity at any time while this Section 11.3 is in effect, on the other hand, pursuant to which the Company and each such Covered Person intend to be legally bound. No amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 11.3 that adversely affects the rights of a Covered Person to indemnification for Losses incurred or relating to a state of facts existing prior to such amendment, modification or repeal shall apply in such a way as to eliminate or reduce such Covered Person's entitlement to indemnification for such Losses without the Covered Person's prior written consent.
The Micron-NTC Mutual NDA is incorporated herein by reference, and the Parties agree that the Micron-NTC Mutual NDA shall govern the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations of the Parties in connection with information exchanged under this Agreement. If the Micron-NTC Mutual NDA is terminated or expires and is not replaced, then Confidential Information provided, disclosed, obtained or accessed in the performance of the Parties’ activities under this Agreement shall continue to be subject to all applicable provisions of the Micron-NTC Mutual NDA notwithstanding such termination or expiration. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Transferred Technology shall be deemed to be the Confidential Information of Micron without any further requirement or obligation of identification, labeling, marking or confirmation. Furthermore, each Party shall treat the terms of this Agreement as if they were the Confidential Information of the other Party. To the extent there is a conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the Micron-NTC Mutual NDA, the terms of this Agreement shall govern to the extent of such conflict or inconsistency.
All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including facsimile or e-mail communication) and shall be personally delivered or sent by facsimile, by e-mail or by overnight mail, to the intended party at the mailing address, e-mail address or facsimile number of such party set forth under its name on the signature pages hereof (or in any other document or agreement pursuant to which it is or became a party hereto), or at such other address or facsimile number as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective (i) if delivered by overnight mail, when received, and (ii) if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail, when sent, receipt confirmed by telephone or electronic means.
During the term of Employee’s employment with the Company, Employee shall devote his full time, skill and attention to his duties and responsibilities, which Employee shall perform faithfully, diligently and competently, and Employee shall use their best efforts to further the business of the Company. During the term of the Agreement, Employee agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior approval of the Company, except that this provision shall not be interpreted to prohibit Employee from involvement in any charitable or community activity/organization that they are currently involved in and that does not materially interfere with their ability to perform their duties under this Agreement. Employee shall be permitted, to the extent such activities do not materially and adversely affect the ability of Employee to fully perform their duties and responsibilities hereunder, to (i) manage Employee's personal, financial and legal affairs, (ii) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees, and (iii) with the consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), serve as a member of the board of directors of any noncompeting business.
Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent, in each case after giving effect to any rights of indemnification, contribution or subrogation arising among the Subsidiary Loan Parties pursuant to the Collateral Agreement or by law.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $3,000,000 of shares of Preferred Stock with an aggregate Stated Value for each Purchaser equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and Warrants as determined by pursuant to Section 2.2(a). Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to its Subscription Amount and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective shares of Preferred Stock and Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument, and either party hereto may execute this Agreement by signing one or more counterparts.
The Sellers have disclosed to the Buyer all facts material to the assets, prospects, and business of Rapid Fire Marketing, Inc.  No representation or warranty by the Sellers contained in this Agreement, and no statement contained in any instrument, list, certificate, or writing furnished to the Buyer pursuant to the provisions hereof or in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading or necessary in order to provide a prospective purchaser of the business of Rapid Fire Marketing, Inc. with proper information as to Rapid Fire Marketing, Inc. and its affairs.
No term of the Credit Documents and/or Security Documents may be amended, and the performance or observance by the parties to a Credit Document or a Security Document of any term of such Credit Document or Security Document may not be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) without the written consent of the Requisite Lenders; provided, however, that except for amendments relating to the adjustment of the amount of principal, the rate of interest, the payment of premiums or the date of maturity, any permitted amendment or waiver under this Section 5.1 shall constitute an amendment or waiver applicable all Credit Documents and Security Documents (on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amount of the Obligations owed to each Lender, as appropriate), as the case may be.
The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of the financial statements and other financial information referred to in Section 3.1 hereof, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it.
You agree that you will reasonably cooperate with Nuo Therapeutics and its officers and employees to provide transition support in connection with any matter on which your cooperation may reasonably be requested or of which you had knowledge. You agree that, in the event that you are subpoenaed by any person or entity (including but not limited to, any government agency) to give testimony (in a deposition, court proceeding or otherwise) which in any way relates to your employment with Nuo Therapeutics, you will give prompt notice of such request (unless prohibited by law) to the Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics and will make no disclosure until Nuo Therapeutics has had a reasonable opportunity to contest the right of the requesting party or entity to such disclosure. You further agree that, in the event that you are contacted by any person or entity regarding information concerning Nuo Therapeutics or one of its affiliates, you will give prompt notice of such request to the Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics, and will make no disclosure until Nuo Therapeutics has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to your notification.
Neither this Agreement, nor any other document, certificate or statement furnished to Buyer by or on behalf of Seller or Schadel in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, within the actual knowledge of Seller or Schadel, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading; and there is no fact which materially adversely affects, or in the future may (so far as Seller or Schadel can now reasonably foresee) materially adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of Seller which has not been set forth herein or in a schedule or statement furnished to Buyer.
With the exception of Base Rate Loans, interest on Loans, Letter of Credit fees, facility fees, ticking fees and other fees and charges hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty (360) days and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed. With respect to Base Rate Loans, interest shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty-five (365) days or three hundred sixty-six (366) days, as the case may be, and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed.
The amendment contemplated hereby shall be effective as of May 31, 2016.
As an employee of the Bank, the Executive will have access to and may participate in the origination of non-public, proprietary and confidential information relating to the Bank and/or its subsidiaries, and the Executive acknowledges a fiduciary duty owed to the Bank and its subsidiaries not to disclose impermissibly any such information. Confidential information may include, but is not limited to, trade secrets, customer lists and information, internal corporate planning, methods of marketing and operation, and other data or information of or concerning the Bank or its customers that is not generally known to the public or generally in the banking industry. The Executive agrees that for a period of five (5) years following the cessation of his employment, he will not use or disclose to any third party any such confidential information, either directly or indirectly, except as may be authorized in writing specifically by the Bank; provided, however that to the extent the information covered by this Section 8 is otherwise protected by the law, such as “trade secrets,” as defined by the Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Act, or customer information protected by banking privacy laws, that information shall not be disclosed or used for however long the legal protections applicable to such information remain in effect.
Each Company shall (a) comply with all material federal, state, local, or foreign applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, occupational safety and health, and equal employment practices; (b) comply with Anti-Corruption Laws, and shall have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance therewith; and (c) ensure that no Company, or to the knowledge of any Company, any director or officer of a Company, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) the subject of any Sanctions, or (ii) located, organized or resident in, or operating in, a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions.
This First Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by each of the undersigned on separate counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts when taken together shall constitute but one and the same First Amendment. Signatures to this First Amendment transmitted in .pdf (portable document format) via electronic mail or other electronic means shall be treated as originals in all respects for purposes of this First Amendment. Seller and Buyer further agree that the acknowledgement of this First Amendment by Escrow Agent is not required for this First Amendment to be binding and effective as between Seller and Buyer.
No party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party and any such assignment by a party without prior written approval of the other parties will be deemed invalid and not binding on such other parties; provided, however, that the Company may assign all (but not less than all) of its rights, obligations and interests hereunder to any direct or indirect successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise and will cause such successor to be bound by and expressly assume the terms and provisions hereof. All of the terms, agreements, covenants, representations, warranties and conditions of this Agreement are binding upon, and inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. There are no third party beneficiaries having rights under or with respect to this Agreement. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an indemnified capacity pertaining to any indemnifiable event hereunder even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity at the time of any Proceeding.
The Lender hereby acknowledges that it and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower and its Affiliates.
The Executive’s employment may be terminated in accordance with the Panama Labor Code, specifically including Article 210, Article 213 and Article 223 (the terms of which are set forth in Exhibit “A” hereto) and other related applicable laws or regulations.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including counterparts executed by less than all parties hereto), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.
Mortgagor is a corporation duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the power to enter into and has authorized execution and delivery of this Mortgage. Mortgagor shall, at all times, preserve and maintain its existence and all of its rights, privileges and franchises and shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding their existence.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) , which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s equity-based compensation plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock or equity-based awards to employees or directors pursuant to the Company’s equity-based compensation plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that has not been waived. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) , there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
Sections 5, 6 and 11 shall survive termination of this Agreement.
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this letter agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto.
All capitalized terms used in this First Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same meanings herein as in the Agreement.
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of Twenty Thousand (20,000) shares of One Dollar ($1.00) par value common stock.   Schedule 4.1.5 sets forth a true and correct capitalization table for the Company.  All of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company was duly authorized, validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable.  There are no outstanding or authorized warrants, options, subscriptions, convertible or exchangeable securities or other agreements pursuant to which the Company is or may become obligated to issue or sell any of its capital stock.  There are no agreements, voting trusts, proxies, or understandings to which the Company is a party with respect to the voting, or registration under the Securities Act, of any shares of capital stock of the Company.  All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in compliance with applicable federal and state securities Legal Requirements. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1.5 , there are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock or similar rights with respect to the Company.
This Agreement, the Investment Agreement and the Certificate of Designations are intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement, and are intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein, with respect to the registration rights granted by the Company with respect to Registrable Securities. This Agreement, together with the Investment Agreement and the Certificate of Designations, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same document.
Tenant shall not conduct or permit to be conducted any activity, or place any equipment in or about the Premises or the Building which will in any way increase the rate of fire insurance or other insurance on the Building pertaining to the Permitted Use in compliance with the terms of the Lease provided that the Hazardous Materials List (defined in Section 21.2) does not change. If any increase in the rate of fire insurance or other insurance is stated by any insurance company to be due to any activity or equipment of Tenant in or about the Premises or the Building, such statement shall be conclusive evidence that the increase in such rate is due to such activity or equipment and, as a result thereof, Tenant shall be liable for the amount of such increase. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for such amount upon written demand from Landlord and such sum shall be considered additional rent payable hereunder.
The Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statements and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents (including signature pages thereto) with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
The Service Provider has the full power and authority to enter into and consummate all transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and has duly executed and delivered this Agreement.
Performance Awards will become vested on the Settlement Date to the extent that the applicable performance metrics have been achieved and provided that the participant is continuously employed by the Company until such time. Performance Awards will be settled in shares of Company common stock as soon as practicable following the end of the Measurement Period. Performance Awards will be settled in the form of Unrestricted Stock.
The Participant acknowledges that the RSUs and tandem Dividend Equivalents are subject to modification and termination in certain events as provided in this RSU Agreement and Article 13 of the Plan.
The Borrower has filed or caused to be filed all federal, state, and local tax returns required to be filed by the Borrower and has paid or made arrangement for the payment of all taxes, assessments, and governmental charges and levies thereon, including any interest and penalties, to the extent the same have become due.  The Borrower has set up reserves that are believed by the Borrower to be adequate for the payment of such taxes for the years that have been audited by the respective tax authorities.  Nothing contained in this Section 3.5 shall prevent the Borrower from con-testing in good faith any tax or assessment assessed against the Borrower so long as adequate reserves for payment of the same have been made and verified to WWSAF.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, in each case except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and Immaterial Entities and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications to New Grantor provided for under the Security Agreement and any other Indenture Document shall be addressed to New Grantor at the address specified on the signature page of this Agreement, or at such other address as shall be designated by New Grantor in a written notice to Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, and such invalid or unenforceable provision shall be stricken to the extent necessary to preserve the validity and enforceability of the Agreement, with the parties agreeing in such event to make all reasonable efforts to replace such invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid provision that will place the parties in approximately the same economic position as contemplated hereunder.
When any Dividend Shares are to be paid on a Dividend Date to any Holder, the Company shall (i) (A) provided that the Company’s transfer agent (the “ Transfer Agent ”) is participating in the Depository Trust Company (“ DTC ”) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of Dividend Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled to such Holder’s or its designee’s balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system, or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver on the applicable Dividend Date, to the address set forth in the register maintained by the Company for such purpose pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement or to such address as specified by such Holder in writing to the Company at least two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Dividend Date, a certificate, registered in the name of such Holder or its designee, for the number of Dividend Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled and (ii) with respect to each Dividend Date, pay to such Holder, in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the amount of any Cash Dividend.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j) , there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the issuance of the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof (in such capacity), is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
Neither party may assign or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, except that the Company may, without the consent of the Executive, assign or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to (i) any corporation or other business entity with which the Company may merge or consolidate, (ii) any corporation or other business entity to which the Company may sell or transfer all or substantially all of its assets or capital stock or equity. After any such assignment or delegation by the Company, the Company shall be discharged from all further liability hereunder and such assignee shall thereafter be deemed to be the “Company” for purposes of all terms and conditions of this Agreement, including this Section 14.
Any notice, consent or other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, telexed, sent by facsimile transmission or overnight courier (regularly providing proof of delivery) or sent by registered, certified, or express mail and shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, sent by facsimile transmission or overnight courier, or if mailed, two (2) days after the date of deposit in the United States mail. Notice to parties shall be delivered or mailed to the Employee's last known place of residence based on the records of the Company, or in the case of the Company to its principal place of business located at 456 Seaton Street, Los Angeles, CA 90013, or at such other place as the Company may specify by written notice.
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.  In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e‑mail delivery of a ".pdf" format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or ".pdf" signature were the original thereof.
The descriptive headings herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a substantive part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Reference to any agreement, document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and if applicable hereof. References in this Agreement to any document, instrument or agreement (including this Agreement) includes and incorporates all exhibits, disclosure letters, schedules and other attachments thereto. Unless the context otherwise requires, any references to a “Section” or “Article” will be to a Section or Article of this Agreement. The use of the words “include” or “including” in this Agreement will be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation.” The use of the word “covenant” will mean “covenant and agreement.” The use of the words “or,” “either” or “any” will not be exclusive. Days means calendar days unless specified as business days. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, any provision herein which contemplates the agreement, approval or consent of, or exercise of any right of, a Party, such Party may give or withhold such consent in its sole and absolute discretion, the parties hereby expressly disclaiming any implied duty of good faith and fair dealing or similar concept.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) .  The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  If the Company has no Subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
All your accrued but unpaid Base Salary as of the Departure Date will be paid to you promptly in accordance with applicable law, and your accrued but unused vacation as of the Departure Date, as reflected in the Company’s time off reporting system, will be paid to you in accordance with applicable law and the Company’s vacation policy. You are entitled to these amounts (less all applicable withholding and other authorized deductions) whether or not you sign this Agreement.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.16 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Credit Document.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document.  Each party acknowledges that an original signature or a copy thereof transmitted by facsimile or by .pdf shall constitute an original signature for purposes of this Agreement.
This Third Amendment shall be effective automatically and without necessity of any further action by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders when counterparts hereof have been executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders, and all conditions to the effectiveness hereof set forth herein have been satisfied.
Borrowers and Lender hereby represent that they have dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except as disclosed to Lender. Borrowers hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all Losses relating to or arising from a claim by any Person that such Person acted on behalf of Borrowers in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. The provisions of this Section 12.19 shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Indebtedness.
Borrowers shall keep and maintain all Intellectual Property relating to the use or operation of the Properties and all Intellectual Property shall be held by and (if applicable) registered in the name of the applicable Borrower. Borrowers shall not Transfer or let lapse any Intellectual Property without Agent’s prior consent.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, this Agreement may not be amended or modified at any time except by a written instrument approved by the Board, and executed by the Companies and the Executive; provided , however , that any attempted amendment or modification without such approval and execution shall be null and void ab initio and of no effect.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective upon 30 days’ notice to Executive and without further consideration from the Companies, this Agreement may be amended by the Companies in their sole discretion to the limited extent they deem necessary and appropriate to conform the terms of this Agreement to the requirements of any applicable laws, rules and regulations enacted or promulgated after the Effective Date of this Agreement.  Any such amendments shall preserve the value of any payments or benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement to the extent practicable without defeating the purpose of the amendment, as determined in the sole discretion of the Companies.
As a term of your employment and a condition to this offer, you must execute Vocera’s Arbitration Agreement as attached hereto.
This Memorandum of Lease may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same document.
(a)  Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur; (ii) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of any Group Member, claims, actions or lawsuits or action by any Governmental Authority, participant or beneficiary with respect to any Plan threatened in writing; (iii) there are no violations of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan; (iv) no Group Member has engaged in any non-exempt “prohibited transaction,” as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, in connection with any Plan, that would subject any Group Member to a tax on prohibited transactions imposed by Section 502(i) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; and (v) each Plan has complied with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code.  The present value of all accrued benefits under each Single Employer Plan (based on those assumptions used to fund such Single Employer Plans) did not, as of the last annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, exceed the value of the assets of such Single Employer Plan allocable to such accrued benefits by an amount that, if required to be paid as of such date by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  As of the date hereof, no Group Member participates in a Multiemployer Plan.
Borrower shall pay to Lender (a) $57,000 on the date hereof on account of Insurance Premiums and (b) on each Payment one-twelfth (1/12) of the Insurance Premiums that Lender estimates will be payable (initially $8,100 per month) for the renewal of the coverage afforded by the Policies upon the expiration thereof in order to accumulate with Lender sufficient funds to pay all such Insurance Premiums at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the Policies. Such amounts will be transferred by Lender to a Subaccount (the “ Insurance Subaccount ”). Provided that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Lender will (i) apply funds in the Insurance Subaccount to payments of Insurance Premiums required to be made by Borrower pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof, provided that Borrower has promptly supplied Lender with notices of all Insurance Premiums due, or (ii) reimburse Borrower for such amounts upon presentation of evidence of payment. In making any payment relating to Insurance Premiums, Lender may do so according to any bill, statement or estimate procured from the insurer or agent, without inquiry into the accuracy of such bill, statement or estimate. If Lender determines in its reasonable judgment that the funds in the Insurance Subaccount will be insufficient to pay (or in excess of) the Insurance Premiums next coming due, Lender may increase (or decrease) the monthly contribution required to be made by Borrower to the Insurance Subaccount.
The execution, delivery and performance by Clayton of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Clayton and do not contravene or constitute a default under (i) any applicable law, rule or regulation, (ii) its organizational documents or (iii) any material indenture or material agreement or instrument to which Clayton is a party or by which its properties are bound (other than violations of such laws, rules, regulations, organizational documents, indentures, agreements or instruments which do not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of such agreements and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by, or Clayton’s ability to perform its obligations under, this Agreement).
If any one or more provisions in this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall be judicially modified accordingly to make such provision enforceable and if not possible to reasonably do so, such provision shall be deemed excluded from this Agreement. In such case, the balance of this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party and the Parent GP of each Loan Document to which such Person is a party, and the consummation of the Transaction, are within such Person’s corporate or other powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person’s Organization Documents, (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (other than under the Loan Documents), or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any material Law; except with respect to any conflict, breach or contravention or payment (but not creation of Liens) referred to in clause (b)(i) , to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention or payment could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company agrees to indemnify the Executive to the fullest extent provided under the Company’s Bylaws, on the same terms and conditions as indemnification is generally provided to the Company’s officers and directors, in the event that he was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of its affiliates; provided, however, that the Executive is not entitled to indemnification under this Section 9(h) relating to any claims, actions, suits or proceedings arising from his breach of this Agreement.
The Committee is authorized to designate any of the Awards that may be granted under Section 6 of the Plan as Performance Awards. The Committee may use such business criteria and other measures of performance as it may deem appropriate in establishing any performance conditions applicable to a Performance Award, and may exercise its discretion to reduce or increase the amounts payable under any Performance Award, except as limited under Section 8(b) hereof in the case of a Section 162(m) Award. Performance conditions may differ for Performance Awards granted to any one Participant or to different Participants. The performance period applicable to any Performance Award shall be set by the Committee in its discretion but shall not exceed ten years.
No rule of construction against the draftsperson shall be applied in connection with the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to any “Section,” “Article” or “Schedule,” such reference shall be to such Section, Article or Schedule of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the word “include,” “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, such word shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”. Whenever the word “herein,” “hereof”, “hereunder” or other words of similar import are used in this Agreement, such words shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision. Whenever the word “or” is used in this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be disjunctive but not exclusive. Any pronouns used herein shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms. The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. All references to any statute, rule, regulation or form (including in the definition thereof) are to such statute, rule, regulation or form as amended, modified, supplemented or replaced from time to time (and, in the case of any statute, include any rules and regulations promulgated under such statute), and all references to any section of any statute, rule, regulation or form include any successor to such section. All references to any agreement are to such agreement and include any exhibits, annexes and schedules attached to such agreement, in each case, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, and all references to any section of such agreement include any successor to such section.
The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not constitute a part hereof. Except where the context requires otherwise, whenever used in this Agreement, the singular includes the plural, the plural includes the singular, the use of any gender is applicable to all genders and the word "or" has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase "and/or." The words "include" and "including" and variations thereof, shall not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." A reference in this Agreement to a Section, Paragraph, Exhibit or Schedule is to the referenced Section, Paragraph, Exhibit or Schedule of this Agreement. The wording of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the wording mutually chosen by the parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. Unless expressly provided otherwise, all dollar figures in this Agreement are in the currency of the United States of America.
Failure or delay on the part of either party hereto to enforce any right, power or privilege hereunder shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver thereof. Additionally, a waiver by either party or a breach of any promise hereof by the other party shall not operate as or be construed to constitute a waiver of any subsequent waiver by such other party.
The authorized and outstanding capital stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis as of the date of this Agreement and the Final Closing Date (not including the Units ) are set forth in the SEC Filings.  Except as set forth in the SEC Filings, there are no options, warrants, or rights to subscribe to, securities, rights, understandings or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for or giving any right to subscribe for any Units of capital stock or other equity interest of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries.  The only officer, director, employee and consultant stock option or stock incentive plan or similar plan currently in effect or contemplated by the Company is described in the SEC Filings.  There are no outstanding agreements or preemptive or similar rights affecting the Company's Common Stock.
This Agreement, together with the attached Appendices and any executed SOWs and Change Orders, each of which are incorporated into this Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the specific subject matter of this Agreement and all prior agreements with respect such subject matter, including that certain Mutual Confidentiality and Nondisclosure Agreement dated as of August 10, 2015, by and between the parties (which Mutual Confidentiality and Nondisclosure Agreement shall remain in effect solely with respect to the period prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement and all Confidential Information disclosed thereunder shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement after the Effective Date), are superseded.
The representations and warranties of the Company hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and the Final Closing hereunder for a period of three (3) years following the Final Closing Date.
To the extent Supplier or its Representatives use any know-how, processes, technology, trade secrets or other intellectual property owned by or licensed to Supplier or any of its Representatives (“ IP ”) in providing the Services, such IP (other than such IP licensed to Supplier by Buyer or its Affiliates, if any) and any derivative works of, or modifications or improvements to such IP conceived or created as part of the provision of Services (“ Improvements ”) will, as between the parties, remain the sole property of Supplier unless such Improvements were specifically created for Buyer or its Affiliates pursuant to a specific Service as specifically indicated in the applicable Project Statement. The applicable party will and hereby does assign to the applicable owner designated above, and agrees to assign automatically in the future upon first recordation in a tangible medium or first reduction to practice, all of such party’s right, title and interest in and to all Improvements, if any. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is any conflict between the terms of this Section 6.2 , on the one hand, and specific terms of the Separation Agreement or Intellectual Property Agreement, on the other hand, then the terms of the Separation Agreement or Intellectual Property Agreement, as applicable, will prevail.
This Termination Letter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns.
The Company shall reimburse Hudson Bay (a Buyer) or its designee(s) (in addition to any other expense amounts paid to any Buyer or its counsel prior to the date of this Agreement) for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including all legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith, documentation and implementation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and due diligence in connection therewith), which amount, at the option of such Buyer, may be withheld by such Buyer from its purchase price for any Notes purchased at the Closing to the extent not previously reimbursed by the Company.  The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agent's fees, financial advisory fees, or broker's commissions (other than for Persons engaged by any Buyer) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to the Placement Agent and all fees payable to the Bank in connection with the Master Control Account Agreement.  The Company shall pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any claim relating to any such payment.  Except as otherwise set forth in the Transaction Documents, each party to this Agreement shall bear its own expenses in connection with the sale of the Securities to the Buyers.
This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter of your employment by the Company. It may be amended, or any of its provisions waived, only by a written document executed by both parties in the case of an amendment, or by the party against whom the waiver is asserted.
Each Grantor hereby waives notice of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale or other disposition of all or any part of the Collateral may be made.  To the extent such notice may not be waived under applicable law, any notice made shall be deemed reasonable if sent to the Grantors, addressed as set forth in Article IX, at least ten days prior to (i) the date of any such public sale or (ii) the time after which any such private sale or other disposition may be made.  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Grantor waives all claims, damages, and demands against the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of the Collateral, except such as arise solely out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such other Secured Party as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.  To the extent it may lawfully do so, each Grantor absolutely and irrevocably waives and relinquishes the benefit and advantage of, and covenants not to assert against the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party, any valuation, stay, appraisal, extension, moratorium, redemption or similar laws and any and all rights or defenses it may have as a surety now or hereafter existing which, but for this provision, might be applicable to the sale of any Collateral made under the judgment, order or decree of any court, or privately under the power of sale conferred by this Security Agreement, or otherwise.  Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, each Grantor hereby waives presentment, demand, protest or any notice (to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law) of any kind in connection with this Security Agreement or any Collateral.
The Lenders agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent and its Related Parties, ratably according to their pro rata share of the Aggregate Credit Facility Exposure (excluding Swing Line Loans), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, reasonable expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (including at any time following the payment of the Obligations) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such Related Parties in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative Agent or such Related Parties under or in connection with any of the foregoing, but only to the extent that any of the foregoing is not paid by the Borrower; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable to the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements to the extent resulting solely from the Administrative Agent’s or such Related Parties’ gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. If any indemnity furnished to the Administrative Agent or any such Related Parties for any purpose shall, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, be insufficient or become impaired, the Administrative Agent may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished. The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of all Obligations.
All notices, requests or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be made, if to the Company, to Thermon Group Holdings, Inc., Attn: General Counsel, 100 Thermon Drive, San Marcos, Texas 78666, and if to the Holder, to the last known mailing address of the Holder contained in the records of the Company. All notices, requests or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be made in writing either (a) by personal delivery, (b) by facsimile or electronic mail with confirmation of receipt, (c) by mailing in the United States mails or (d) by express courier service. The notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon personal delivery, upon confirmation of receipt of facsimile or electronic mail transmission or upon receipt by the party entitled thereto if by United States mail or express courier service; provided , however , that if a notice, request or other communication sent to the Company is not received during regular business hours, it shall be deemed to be received on the next succeeding business day of the Company.
(a) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of each of the IHS and its subsidiaries and OPIS and its subsidiaries, for the three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days before the Second Amendment Effective Date; provided that, with respect to the financial statements of OPIS and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, the receipt of such financial statements by the Commitment Parties shall only be required to the extent received by IHS prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and (b) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of IHS Borrower and its subsidiaries, for each subsequent fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the Second Amendment Effective Date; provided that filing of the required financial statements on form 10-K and form 10-Q by the IHS will satisfy the foregoing requirements.
All covenants, obligations, representations and warranties and indemnities by the respective parties contained herein are intended to and shall remain true and correct as of the Closing, shall be deemed to be material, and shall survive the recordation of the Deed for a period of nine (9) months (the “ Survival Period ”). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and except for any covenants and conditions that must be operative after recordation of the Deed to be effective, any covenants, conditions, or obligations of the respective parties shall merge with the delivery of the Deed and shall not survive the Closing Date.
The execution and delivery of this Amendment and the performance of each Loan Party’s obligations under this Amendment (a) have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate and, if required, stockholder action of each of the Loan Parties and (b) will not (i) violate (A) any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation, or of the certificate or articles of incorporation or other constitutive documents or by-laws of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (B) any order of any Governmental Authority, (C) any provision of any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any of them or any of their property is or may be bound, except, in each case, the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (D) the HPUC Decision and Order, or (E) the DCCA Decision and Order, (ii) be in conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (alone or with notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, or give rise to any right to accelerate or to require the prepayment, repurchase or redemption of any obligation under any such indenture, agreement or other instrument except, in each case, the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than any Lien created under the Security Documents) other than such Liens as may be permitted hereunder.
No failure or delay on the part of the Agents, the Letter of Credit Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document and no course of dealing between an Obligor and any Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuing Bank or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies herein expressly provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies that the Agents, the Letter of Credit Issuing Bank or any Lender would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on an Obligor in any case shall entitle such Obligor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the Agents, the Letter of Credit Issuing Bank or Lenders to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand.
Borrower hereby acknowledges the rights and remedies of Lender set forth in Section 9.1, including but not limited to, Lender’s ability to occupy Borrower’s premises and operate Borrower’s business. Borrower hereby waives any cause of action it may have against Lender arising in connection with the exercise by Lender of such rights and remedies, except for causes of action arising from Lender’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
The Seller is in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it, its business or properties or the Receivables Assets, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Notice given by one party to the other party shall be delivered to the addresses set forth in this Agreement until either party notifies the other party in writing of change of address. As long as such notice was delivered to the addresses set forth in this Agreement, it shall be deemed validly given on: the seventh (7 th ) business day of Creditor following registered mailing of the letter; the signing day of receipt if delivered by hand; the sending day if delivered by fax or e-mail. However, all notices, requests or other communications sent to Creditor shall be only deemed validly given when Creditor actually received, in which case all original versions of such communications shall be delivered by hand or by post to Creditor for confirmation.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Maryland without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Schedule 5.8 hereto contains an accurate list of all Subsidiaries of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of incorporation or organization and the percentage of their respective capital stock owned by the Company or other Subsidiaries. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of such Subsidiaries held by the Company have been duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the other Party would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are breached.  Accordingly, each of the Parties agrees that the other Parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of such provisions and to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court of the United States or any state thereof having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter (subject to the provisions set forth in Section 10(o) below), in addition to the right to indemnification pursuant to Section 8 and any remedy to which it may be entitled, at law or in equity, with respect to fraud by the other Party.
This offer letter, including, but not limited to the at-will provision above, may not be amended or modified other than by a written agreement designated as an amendment and executed by you and the CEO, following approval of the Board, although the Company reserves the right to unilaterally modify your compensation, benefits, job title and duties (subject to any express limitations set forth above).
(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of either Borrower or any other Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable Withholding Agent); provided that if any Withholding Agent shall be so required to deduct any Indemnified Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.15) the Administrative Agent or Lender (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Withholding Agent shall make such deductions and (iii) such Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
Section 8.2.2 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to provide that “Buyer’s Guarantor” shall be either SSC IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or SSC V, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as required by Existing Lender.
Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect: (a) no Reportable Event has occurred during the past five years as to which the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate was required to file a report with the PBGC; and (b) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has contributed (or had any obligation of any sort) in the last six (6) years to (i) a “single-employer plan” within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA or (ii) a Multiemployer Plan. Each Plan sponsored by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination or may rely upon an opinion letter for a prototype plan letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, as of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, nothing has occurred which would reasonably be expected to prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification.
The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Note for general corporate purposes, and not for (i) the repayment of any outstanding Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) the redemption or repurchase of any of its or its Subsidiaries' equity securities.
This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of [Delaware], without regard to any conflicts of law provisions which would require or permit the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.
Borrower hereby represents that it has dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC.    Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses of any kind (including Lender’s attorneys’ fees and expenses) in any way relating to or arising from a claim by any Person that such Person acted on behalf of Borrower or Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.  The provisions of this Section 9.20 shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Debt.
The failure of a Party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver of such Party’s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement.
Other than the Waiver and Second Amendment, this Third Amendment and the Forbearance Agreement, no settlement, agreement or understanding (A) entered into with respect to the Finance Documents or (B) purporting to amend, modify or qualify the Finance Documents or to waive any rights or obligations set forth therein shall constitute a legally binding agreement or contract, or have any force or effect whatsoever, unless and until signed, or specifically agreed, pursuant to the terms and conditions of Clause 28.1 of the Loan Agreement.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have their meanings as attributed to such terms in the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Receivables Sale Agreements, as applicable.
Assignment or attempted assignment by Seller or Guarantor of this Agreement or any rights hereunder without first obtaining the specific written consent of Buyer, or the granting by Seller of any security interest, lien or other encumbrances on any Purchased Mortgage Loans to any person other than Buyer.
This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations with respect thereto. Except as otherwise specified herein or in the Plan, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the employment agreement between the Company and Participant (the “ Employment Agreement ”), Participant acknowledges and agrees that the terms of the Restricted Stock shall be governed by this Agreement, rather than the relevant provisions of the Employment Agreement and, in the event of a conflict between the Employment Agreement and this Agreement, this Agreement shall control. If requested by the Company, Participant agrees that he shall enter into any such amendments to the Employment Agreement as may be necessary to reflect and effectuate the foregoing.
Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for expenses incurred in the furtherance of the business of the Company in accordance with the Company’s practices and procedures, as they may exist from time to time. Executive may, in his discretion, elect to purchase, and be reimbursed for, business class tickets on any international flights for which scheduled flight time exceeds five hours. Executive shall keep complete and accurate records of all expenditures such that Executive may substantiate and fully account for such expenses according to the Company’s practices and procedures.
No waiver or course of dealing shall be established by (a) the failure or delay of Agent or any Lender to require strict performance by any Obligor with any terms of the Loan Documents, or to exercise any rights or remedies with respect to Collateral or otherwise; (b) the making of any Loan or issuance of any Letter of Credit during a Default, Event of Default or other failure to satisfy any conditions precedent; or (c) acceptance by Agent or any Lender of any payment or performance by an Obligor under any Loan Documents in a manner other than that specified therein.  It is expressly acknowledged by Borrowers that any failure to satisfy a financial covenant on a measurement date shall not be cured or remedied by satisfaction of such covenant on a subsequent date.
In the event your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates due to Disability, your rights with respect to any then unvested RSUs awarded pursuant to this Award Agreement shall become vested in you or your guardian or legal representative, as applicable, as of such termination.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, in the event of any litigation between the parties hereto, to the extent that a trial by jury would be available as to any matters in such litigation, the parties hereby expressly waive the right to a trial by jury as to such matters, and hereby agree not to demand a jury trial as to any such matters in such litigation.
This Agreement, including the Exhibits to this Agreement, the Specified Documents and the Contribution Agreement embody the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained in this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, other than the Specified Documents.
The Borrower has the corporate power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to borrow hereunder. The Borrower has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to authorize the borrowings on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the borrowings hereunder or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices described in Schedule 4.4, which consents, authorizations, filings and notices have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, and (ii) consents, authorizations, filings or notices which, if not obtained, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document upon execution will be, duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Borrower. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law).
The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, claims, losses, damages, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this Warrant Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agent’s gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith.
This Agreement (including the Annexes and Schedule hereto), together with the Purchase Agreement and any other documents delivered by the Parties in connection herewith or therewith, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede any prior agreements or understandings between the Buyer, on the one hand, and the Seller, on the other hand.
This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict-of-law principles. The federal and state courts located in Santa Barbara County, California shall be the exclusive forum for resolving any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
Maintain, and cause each Subsidiary to maintain, insurance with reputable insurance companies against such risks, of such types (including general liability, larceny, embezzlement or other criminal misappropriation insurance), on such properties and in such amounts as is customarily maintained by similar businesses similarly situated; and file and cause each Subsidiary to file with the Administrative Agent upon its request or the request of any Lender a detailed list of the insurance companies, the amounts and rates of the insurance, the dates of the expiration thereof and the properties and risks covered thereby.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2 nd ) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Swing Line Lender, sell participations to one or more Eligible Assignees (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 9.05(c) with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participants.
Each of the Borrower and the Guarantor has timely filed all material federal, state and local income, excise, property, and other material tax returns prior to the Restatement Date and the date of each Warehousing Advance Request, as applicable, and paid all taxes shown thereon to be payable, except to the extent such taxes are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in conformity with GAAP.  The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Guarantor in respect of taxes or other governmental charges are adequate in accordance with applicable accounting standards.
The execution and delivery by such Person of this Amendment, and the performance of its obligations under this Amendment and the Agreement, as amended hereby, are within its corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part. This Amendment and the Agreement, as amended hereby, are its valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms.
Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but which is not defined in this Eighth Amendment, shall have the meaning ascribed such term in the Credit Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all article, section and exhibit references in this Eighth Amendment refer to articles, sections and exhibits of the Credit Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each such counterpart will for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and both such counterparts will together constitute but one and the same instrument. Facsimiles or other electronic copies of signatures will be deemed to be originals.
The Award is subject to all the terms and conditions of the Tyson Foods, Inc.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in New York. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other transaction document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. THE COMPANY AND THE BUYER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THE COMPANY AND/OR THE BUYER MAY HAVE TO, AND EACH AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
The Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements between California residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of California.
The Holder shall be entitled to receive, and Borrower shall pay, simple interest on the outstanding principal amount of this Note at the annual rate of eight (8%) percent per annum payable in cash on the Maturity Date.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $3,000,000 of shares of Preferred Stock with an aggregate Stated Value for each Purchaser equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and Warrants as determined by pursuant to Section 2.2(a).  The aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock sold hereunder shall be up to 3,000.  Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to its Subscription Amount, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective shares of Preferred Stock and Warrants, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.  Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.  The Company covenants that, if the Purchaser delivers a Notice of Conversion (as defined in the Certificate of Determination) to convert any shares of Preferred Stock between the date hereof and the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver such Conversion Shares, in lieu of such number of shares of Preferred Stock being converted, to the Purchaser on the Closing Date in accordance with such Notice of Conversion.
In the event of any pending or threatened investigation, proceeding, lawsuit, claim or legal action against or involving the Company, the Grantee acknowledges and agrees to cooperate to the fullest extent possible in the investigation, preparation, prosecution, or defense of the Company’s case, including, but not limited to, the execution of affidavits or documents, providing of information requested by the Company or the Company’s counsel, and meeting with Company representatives or the Company’s counsel.  Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as suggesting or implying that the Grantee should testify in any way other than truthfully or provide anything other than accurate, truthful information.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Dollar Tranche Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the Administrative Agent’s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , (x) that Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Credit Party shall not be released during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.16 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.03 ), and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
During the Term, Employee shall serve the Company faithfully and to the best of his ability and shall devote his full time, attention, skill and efforts to the performance of the duties required by or appropriate for the Position, and shall (i) observe the Company’s policies and standards of conduct, as well as customary standards of business conduct, including any standards prescribed by law or regulation, (ii) perform his duties hereunder in a manner that preserves and protects the Company’s business reputation, and (iii) perform such services as may be necessary or beneficial in carrying out any of the foregoing. As Chief Executive Officer, Employee shall have the responsibility and authority to direct the worldwide operations of Company and its international affiliates. Employee will be reporting directly to the Company's Board of Directors (the " Company's Board ") and to such other person(s) (collectively, the “ Designated Person ”) who may be designated by the Company Board from time to time.
The parties will keep confidential, and will not disclose to any person, except as may be required by law, the existence of any controversy under this Section 25, the referral of any such controversy to arbitration or the status or resolution thereof.  In addition, the confidentiality restrictions set forth in Section 8 shall continue in full force and effect.
It is the intention of the parties hereto that the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance contemplated by this Agreement shall constitute a sale of the Purchased Receivables from Seller to Purchaser and not a financing transaction, borrowing or loan; and accordingly, Seller and Purchaser will treat the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Purchased Receivables as sales of “accounts” for accounting purposes, and Seller hereby authorizes Purchaser or its designee, from and after the Closing Date, to execute, record and file such financing statements (and continuation statements with respect to such financing statements when applicable) naming Seller as the seller/debtor and Purchaser as the purchaser/secured party of the Purchased Receivables as may be necessary to perfect such sale in accordance with the UCC and the Code, as applicable. If, notwithstanding the intent of the parties hereto in this regard, the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance contemplated hereby is held not to be a sale, this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement and Seller does hereby grant to Purchaser a security interest and hypothec in and to the Purchased Receivables, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and wherever located, and any proceeds, to secure payment to Purchaser of amounts equal to the Purchased Receivables as they are paid under the Product Agreements, and Seller does hereby authorize Purchaser to file such financing statements (and continuation statements with respect to such financing statements when applicable) as may be necessary to perfect its security interest. Seller waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any right to contest or otherwise assert that this Agreement is other than a true, complete, absolute and irrevocable sale by Seller to Purchaser of the Purchased Receivables under applicable Law, which waiver shall be enforceable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, against Seller in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding relating to Seller. The sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Purchased Receivables shall be reflected on Seller’s financial statements and other records as a sale of assets to Purchaser. Seller agrees that in any consolidated financial statements of Seller it shall indicate that the Purchased Receivables are the assets of Purchaser.
Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of vacation and twelve (12) personal days per year, to be taken in such amounts and at such times as shall be mutually convenient for Executive and the Company. Any time not taken by Executive in one year shall be carried forward to subsequent years. If all such vacation and personal time to which Executive is entitled is not taken by Executive before the termination of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to be reimbursed upon termination (for any reason) for such lost time in accordance with the Base then in effect.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 6.2 , the Acquiror Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest in any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity or enterprise.
Debtor has filed all tax returns and reports required by any governmental authority to be filed by Debtor, and such returns and reports are true and correct.  Debtor has paid all taxes, assessments, and other government charges imposed upon it or its income, profits or properties, or upon any part thereof, other than those presently payable without penalty or interest.
EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN SITTING IN MILWAUKEE COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH WISCONSIN STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE LETTER OF CREDIT ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR THEIR PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
The Administrative Agent shall have received executed signature pages hereto from (i) Lenders constituting the Required Lenders under the Original Credit Agreement, (ii) each Lender (after giving effect to any assignments from Non-Consenting Lenders), (iii) the Incremental Revolving Lender and (iv) each of the Loan Parties.
The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.10 , on the date of each termination or reduction of the Revolving Committed Amount, the Commitment Fee accrued through the date of such termination or reduction on the amount of the Revolving Committed Amount so terminated or reduced.
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit by any Issuing Bank (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit (other than an automatic renewal or extension permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 2.05)), the Borrower shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the recipient) to such Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent at least three Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension ( provided that the applicable Issuing Bank will use commercially reasonable efforts to issue, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit, as applicable, within one Business Day of such request)) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section 2.05), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the LC Exposure of any Issuing Bank shall not exceed its Letter of Credit Commitment, (ii) the total LC Exposure shall not exceed $2,000,000,000, (iii) no Lender’s Credit Exposure shall exceed its Tranche 1 Commitment, and (iv) the Total Tranche 1 Credit Exposure shall not exceed the total Tranche 1 Commitments. Each Issuing Bank agrees that it shall not permit any issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit to occur unless it shall have given to the Administrative Agent written notice thereof required under paragraph (l) of this Section.
All payments by each Obligor under this Lease Agreement shall be made in U.S. dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set off or counterclaim, to Lessors’ account as specified by Lessors to Lessee from time to time, free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any taxes and Lessee shall indemnify Lessors for any such taxes paid or payable by Lessors, including any taxes for which Lessee is responsible under Section 8(e) hereof. Except as otherwise provided herein, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a business day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding business day.
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.
Any notices required or permitted by this Agreement or by law to be served on, or delivered to, any Party to this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be signed by the Party giving or delivering it and sent by courier that guarantees overnight delivery, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Party to whom any communication under this Agreement is to be made. Notice given as provided herein shall be deemed to have been given on the mailing date and, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be effective from that date. Notice shall be sent to the respective Party at the address set forth below. Any Party may change its address for purposes of receiving notices by furnishing notice of such change in the manner set forth above.
In the event Seller or Purchaser fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, the non-defaulting party shall provide the defaulting party with notice and five (5) days to cure such default, prior to pursuing any remedies available with respect to such default; provided, however, that (i) no such notice and cure shall be provided with respect to a party’s default in failing to timely close, and (ii) in no event shall any such notice and cure period result in an extension of the Closing Date.
The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower for the three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and (ii) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower for each subsequent fiscal quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter of the Borrower’s fiscal year) ended at least 45 days prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date.
For the purposes of this Article, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 4.05 of this Part III, unless a different meaning is clearly required by the context.
Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any right arising out of, this Agreement must be brought against any of the parties in the courts of the State of California, Los Angeles County, or, if it has or can acquire jurisdiction, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, and each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of those courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts) in any such action or proceeding and waives any objection to venue laid therein. Process in any such action or proceeding may be served by sending or delivering a copy of the process to the party to be served at the address and in the manner provided for the giving of notices in Section 13. Nothing in this Section 14, however, affects the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law. Each party hereto waives trial by jury.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall take place simultaneously with the execution and delivery hereof at the offices of GTHC or such other place as the parties may agree.
The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasion shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. Any waiver must be in writing. Any waiver by any party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the civil or state courts of Florida located in Broward County or in the federal courts located in Broward County, Florida. The parties and the individuals executing this Agreement and other agreements referred to herein or delivered in connection herewith on behalf of the Company agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement.
Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against any other party hereto, or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Company or any other Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction in connection with the exercise of any rights under any agreement related to collateral provided hereunder that is governed by laws other than the law of the State of New York or to enforce a judgment obtained from a court in New York.
The parties to each assignment shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 , (C) an Administrative Questionnaire unless the assignee is already a Lender and (D) the documents required under Section 2.20 .
All amounts payable by the Company to the Executive hereunder (including, but not limited to, the Salary or any amounts payable pursuant to Sections 3.3 and/or 3.4 hereof) shall be reduced prior to the delivery of such payment to the Executive by an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable federal, state, local or other withholding tax requirements.
All Subsidiaries of the Company and the locations thereof on the Closing Date are set forth in the SEC Reports. The SEC Reports set forth as of the Closing Date, the Company’s jurisdiction of organization and the location of Company’s executive offices and other places of business.
Each of the parties agrees that any breach of the terms of this Agreement will result in irreparable injury and damage to the other parties, for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Each of the parties therefore agrees that in the event of a breach or any threat of breach, the other parties shall be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such breach, threatened breach or continued breach, and/or compelling specific performance of the Agreement, without having to prove the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy or balancing the equities between the parties. Such remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies (including monetary damages) to which the other parties may be entitled at law or in equity. Each party hereby waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with any such equitable remedy.
Except as may be required by applicable law or regulation (but only after using reasonable best efforts to give the MD Stockholders and the SLP Stockholders an opportunity to review and comment), no Stockholder shall make any public announcement regarding, or filings with respect to, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement without the prior written consent of the MD Stockholders and the SLP Stockholders.
To the extent that the receipt of the Restricted Stock Units or the lapse of any Forfeiture Restrictions results in income, wages or other compensation to you for any income, employment or other tax purposes with respect to which the Company has a withholding obligation, the Company is authorized to withhold from any shares of Common Stock issued under the Agreement or from any cash or stock remuneration or other payment then or thereafter payable to you any tax required to be withheld by reason of such taxable income, wages or compensation including (without limitation) shares of the Common Stock sufficient to satisfy the withholding obligation.
Notice shall he addressed to the PARTIES at the address and facsimile listed below and sent by both (a) email and (b) by a nationally recognized overnight courier for next day morning delivery, in which case notice shall be deemed delivered one (1) business day after the facsimile has been sent and one (I) business day after deposit with such overnight courier. The addresses below may be changed by written notice to the other each of the PARTIES; provided, however, that no notice of a change of address shall be effective until actual receipt of such notice.
Some or all of the payments made under or pursuant to this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The Company makes no representation or warranties with respect to the application of such section to such payments. Employee is solely responsible for any federal, state or local income taxes and other taxes imposed on him with respect to such payments, whether by reason of Section 409A or otherwise. Company shall be entitled to withhold on and report the making of such payments as may be required by law as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Company.
All amounts under this Agreement shall be paid net of any applicable withholding required under federal, state or local law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payments shall be made or benefits provided under this Agreement unless the Executive executes, and does not revoke, the Company’s standard written release, substantially in the form as attached hereto as Appendix A (the “Release”), of any and all claims against the Company and all related parties with respect to all matters arising out of the Executive’s employment by the Company (other than entitlements under the terms of this Agreement or under any other plans or programs of the Company in which the Executive participated and under which the Executive has accrued or become entitled to a benefit) or a termination thereof.  The Executive understands and agrees that he has twenty-one (21) days to consider the Release.  In the event that the Release is not executed and delivered to the Company on or before the twenty-second (22 nd ) day following delivery of the Release to the Executive, then no payments shall be made to the Executive under this Agreement, other than amounts to which he or she is entitled to receive as a matter of law or contract.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or any other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
The Executive acknowledges that all discoveries, concepts, ideas, inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, patent applications, copyrightable work and mask work (whether or not including any Confidential Information) and all registrations or applications related thereto, all other proprietary information and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable) that relate to the Company’s or any of the Subsidiaries’ actual or anticipated business, research and development or existing or future products or services and that are conceived, developed or made by the Executive (whether individually or jointly with others) while employed by the Company or its predecessors and the Subsidiaries, whether before or after the date of this Agreement (“ Work Product ”), belong to the Company or a Subsidiary. The Executive shall endeavor to promptly disclose such Work Product to the Board and, at the Company’s expense, shall perform all actions reasonably requested by the Board (whether during or after the Employment Period) to establish and confirm such ownership (including, without limitation, assignments, consents, powers of attorney, and other instruments).
Borrower and Bank each have good and marketable title to all its respective properties and assets reflected on the financial statements referred to herein, except for (i) such assets as have been disposed of since said date as no longer used or useful in the conduct of business and (ii) items which have been amortized in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. There are no liens or any assets of the Borrower, the Bank or any other Subsidiaries other than as set forth in Section 6.2 hereof or as disclosed on Exhibit E .
The Company shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the MHR Funds may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
No Eligible Employee who incurs a Severance during the Change in Control Protection Period or any Former Employee whose Severance Date occurred within the ninety (90) day period ending on the date that the Change in Control is consummated shall be eligible to receive any payments or other benefits under the Plan (other than payment of accrued obligations under Section 2.2 hereof) unless he or she first executes and delivers to the Company a general release in favor of the Company in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Release”), and all applicable statutory revocation periods related to such Release shall expire, within sixty (60) days following such Eligible Employee’s Severance Date or, with respect to a Former Employee, the date of the Change in Control.  Subject to Section 2.8 below, the payments and benefits described in Sections 2.3, 2.4 and 2.5 will be paid or provided (or begin to be paid or provided as applicable) as soon as administratively practicable following the date the Release becomes irrevocable,   provided that if the 60-day period begins in one taxable year and ends in a second taxable year such payments or benefits shall not commence until the second taxable year.
Company’s obligation to pay all amounts, including accrued interest, owed to Penn under this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason. Sections 13.10 and 13.11 and Articles 4, 5, 6, 9, 10, and 11 will survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason in accordance with their respective terms.
This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Colorado (without considering Colorado choice of law provisions).
You understand and agree that because the Company is extending these benefits to only a few key employees at the Company, you will keep the terms of this Agreement confidential at all times and will not disclose the terms of this Agreement to anyone (other than to your immediate family members or your personal tax and legal advisors, each of whom will be instructed by you and agree to keep the terms of this Agreement confidential). Your (and your family members' and advisors') obligation to keep the terms of this Agreement confidential will continue to apply even after the expiration of your employment with the Company.
If any provision of this IMAX LTIP is held unenforceable, the remainder of the IMAX LTIP shall continue in full force and effect without regard to such unenforceable provision and shall be applied as though the unenforceable provision were not contained in the IMAX LTIP.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto (or, with respect to an assignee or transferee of Securities as contemplated by Section 5.7, at the contact information of such Person provided to the Company in connection with such assignment or transfer) at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2 nd ) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if, within two years following a Change in Control, the Participant’s employment is terminated by a Group Company not for Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, the Award shall become immediately vested in full upon such termination of employment. For purposes of this Agreement, "Change in Control" shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
If any provision of this Plan or any Award is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any person or Award, or would disqualify this Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Board, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Board, materially altering the intent of this Plan or the Award, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or Award and the remainder of this Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (i.e., a “pdf” or “tif”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
The Grantors shall maintain insurance on the Collateral as required by Section 6.07 of the Credit Agreement, which insurance shall include the endorsements and provisions required by Section 6.07 of the Credit Agreement. All such insurance policies shall name the Collateral Agent as additional insured or loss payee, as applicable, to the extent required by Section 6.07 of the Credit Agreement. Each Grantor hereby irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints the Collateral Agent (and all officers, employees or agents designated by the Collateral Agent) as such Grantor’s true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, exercisable only after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, for the purpose of making, settling and adjusting claims in respect of Collateral under policies of insurance, endorsing the name of such Grantor on any check, draft, instrument or other item of payment for the proceeds of such policies of insurance and for making all determinations and decisions with respect thereto. In the event any Grantor at any time or times shall fail to obtain or maintain any of the policies of insurance required hereby within the grace periods established therefor in this Agreement or in the Credit Agreement, or to pay any premium in whole or part relating thereto, the Collateral Agent may, without waiving or releasing any obligation or liability of the Grantors hereunder or any Default or Event of Default, in its sole discretion and upon five (5) Business Days’ prior written notice to the Grantors, obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and pay such premium and take any other actions with respect thereto as the Collateral Agent deems reasonably advisable. All sums disbursed by the Collateral Agent in connection with this Section 3.06(e) , including reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs, out-of-pocket expenses and other charges relating thereto, shall be payable by the Grantors to the Collateral Agent to the same extent that such costs would be payable by the Borrower in accordance with Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement and shall be additional Secured Obligations secured hereby.
The proceeds of the Term B Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans shall be used in a manner consistent with the uses set forth in the Preliminary Statements to this Agreement. The proceeds of the Dollar Term C-1 Loans, Euro Term C-1 Loans and Term C-2 Loans shall be used to refinance the Dollar Term B-1 Loans, Euro Term B-1 Loans and Term B-2 Loans. The proceeds of the Dollar Term D-1 Loans, Euro Term D-1 Loans and Term D-2 Loans shall be used to refinance the Dollar Term C-1 Loans, Euro Term C-1 Loans and Term C-2 Loans. The proceeds of the Incremental Term D-1 Loans, together with cash on hand at the Lead Borrower shall be used to pay for the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of the capital stock of Systagenix Wound Management Mezz B.V. and Systagenix Wound Management (US), Inc. and pay the fees and expenses incurred in connection with such acquisition, Amendment No. 3 and the transactions contemplated thereby. The proceeds of the Dollar Term E-1 Loans, Euro Term E-1 Loans and Term E-2 Loans shall be used to refinance the Dollar Term D-1 Loans, Euro Term D-1 Loans and Term D-2 Loans. The proceeds of the Dollar Term F Loans and Euro Term F Loans shall be used to refinance the Dollar Term E-1 Loans and Euro Term E-1 Loans.
This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by HCW and the Company. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of both HCW and the Company and their respective assigns, successors, and legal representatives. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of HCW and the Company with respect to this Placement and supersedes any prior agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including facsimile counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Creditor represents and warrants to Lender that, except as specified in this Agreement, there are no other Obligations to Creditor. Creditor agrees in favor of Lender that no additional Obligations to Creditor shall be incurred by any Obligor in favor of Creditor (without Lender’s prior written consent) and, in furtherance of same, Creditor agrees that only Obligations to Creditor existing as of the date hereof are secured by a first-priority and senior security interest upon Creditor’s Senior Collateral. Creditor agrees that no additional obligations of any kind (including, without limitation, any type of indebtedness contemplated to be secured by Creditor’s Senior Collateral) shall be incurred by Borrower or any other Obligor in favor of Creditor without Lender’s prior written consent. Creditor agrees that it will not, without Lender’s prior written consent, obtain (and represents and warrants that in anticipation of entering into this Agreement it has not obtained) any new or additional collateral from Borrower or any other Obligor to secure any of Obligations to Creditor.
If any provision of this Agreement should be held unenforceable or void, then that provision shall be separated from the remaining provisions and shall not affect the validity of this Agreement except that if the unenforceable or void provision relates to the payment of any monetary sum, then, Lender may, at its option, declare the Debt immediately due and payable.
This Agreement is the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any previous agreements, written or oral, between Executive and Company with regard to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended orally, and any amendment or modification must be in writing and be signed by Executive and an authorized representative of Company. Executive represents and acknowledges that, in executing this Agreement, Executive did not rely, and has not relied, on any representation(s) by Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or representatives, except as expressly contained in this Agreement. Rather, Executive relied on Executive’s own judgment.
The execution and delivery by Borrower of the Loan Documents, Borrower’s performance of its obligations thereunder and the creation of the Liens provided for in the Loan Documents (a) have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Borrower, (b) will not violate any provision of any applicable Legal Requirements, and (c) will not be in conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (except in favor of Lender) of any nature whatsoever upon any of the property or assets of Borrower pursuant to, any indenture or agreement or instrument. Except for those obtained or filed on or prior to the Closing Date, Borrower is not required to obtain any consent, approval or authorization from, or to file any declaration or statement with, any Governmental Authority in connection with or as a condition to the execution, delivery or performance of the Loan Documents. The Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by Borrower.
(a) The Term Loan Representative, on behalf of itself and the other Term Loan Secured Parties, agrees that each of them shall take such actions as the ABL Representative shall request in connection with the exercise by the ABL Secured Parties of their rights set forth herein in respect of the ABL Facility Priority Collateral.  The ABL Representative, on behalf of itself and the other ABL Secured Parties, agrees that each of them shall take such actions as the Term Loan Representative shall request in connection with the exercise by the Term Loan Secured Parties of their rights set forth herein in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral.
Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this RSU Agreement.
(a) Each borrowing by the Borrowers from the Lenders hereunder, each payment by the Borrowers on account of any commitment fee and any reduction of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be made pro rata according to the respective Tranche A Term Loan Percentages, Incremental Term Loan Percentages or Revolving Credit Percentages, as the case may be, of the relevant Lenders.
Year-end audited financial statements and unaudited quarterly stub financial statements are available online at www.sec.gov (collectively the "Financial Statements").  The Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position on the dates thereof and results of operations of the COMPANY for the periods indicated, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), consistently applied.  There are no assets of the COMPANY the value of which is materially overstated in said balance sheets.
Every term and provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable. If any term or provision hereof is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, such term or provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law and, in any event, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement, provided , however , that the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement to modify any such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision in order to carry out the Parties’ intent and agreement as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Employee recognizes that his services hereunder are of a personal, special, unique and extraordinary character and irreparable injury will result to Employer and to its business and properties in the event of any breach by Employee of any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 11 and 12 (the “ Restrictive Covenants ”), and that Employee’s continued employment is predicated on the commitments undertaken by him pursuant to said Sections. In the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, Employer shall be entitled to terminate Employee’s employment for Cause and, in addition to any other remedies and damages available, to obtain injunctive relief to restrain the violation of such commitments by Employee or by any person or persons acting for or with Employee in any capacity whatsoever. Any breach of the Restrictive Covenants will result in the forfeiture by Employee and all other persons acting for or with Employee in any capacity whatsoever of any and all rights to Severance Benefits, and in such event Employer shall have no further obligation to pay any amounts related thereto and shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by Employee for any Severance Benefits already paid.
The Corporation may satisfy any tax withholding obligations in respect of the Stock Units in accordance with Section 8.5 of the Plan.
Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent, for its own account or for the account of the Lenders, as applicable, all Fees set forth in the Fee Letter as and when due as provided therein.
At Closing, the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Purchasers (including fees of counsel to such Purchasers) incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $75,000.
From and after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) of the Company that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities such that the rules or regulations of the Principal Market would require stockholder approval of this transaction prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.
This Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the documents entered into in connection therewith (collectively, the “ Transaction Documents ”) constitute the entire agreement between the parties and their Affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof and the Transaction Documents supersede all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, both written and oral, between the parties or their Affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to amend or modify the Purchase and Sale Agreement, any Transaction Document or any of their respective terms in any manner and, notwithstanding the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and shall not be superseded by this Agreement.
Receipt of Severance Compensation and other benefits or amounts by the Executive under this Agreement, is conditioned upon the Executive executing and delivering to the Company a release.. Such release must be executed and delivered by no later than the fifth day following the expiration of the applicable 21-day review period that commences on the day after Executive’s Separation from Service, and no payment of any Severance Compensation will be made until the expiration of the 7-day revocation period that follows the date on which the Executive executes the release.
For the avoidance of doubt, (a) Purchaser hereby acknowledges that it bears the risk of non-payment by the obligors of the Purchased Loans and associated credit-related losses in respect thereof, and indemnification shall not be available for any such non-payment or associated losses under this Agreement, (b) to the extent that that any rights of Purchaser hereunder, or under any executed Addendum, the Servicing Agreement or any Multi-Party Agreement are assigned or otherwise transferred to a third party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or such other agreements, as applicable, any such assignee or beneficiary shall not, unless consented to in writing by Seller, be permitted to claim indemnification hereunder and, in the case any such consent shall have been provided by Seller, shall be bound by the limits on indemnification contained in this Section 5.1 as if such assignee or beneficiary were Purchaser, and such assignee or beneficiary may only claim indemnity in conjunction with, or in place of, Purchaser and (c) multiple recoveries for any single breach shall not be permitted.
THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND/OR THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAW RULES THEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO INTEND THAT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SHALL APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT.
Except in the event of an outright sale to Republic in accordance with Article III of this Agreement, PVOG shall be responsible for the payment of severance taxes and PVOG hereby directs Republic to not withhold any amounts from the proceeds allocable to the sale and delivery of crude oil for the payment of such taxes. PVOG also agrees to indemnify Republic for any liability Republic incurs with respect to the payment of severance taxes.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any adverse manner to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner so that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the greatest extent possible.
As of the date hereof, other than as set forth on Schedule VI , no of Borrower or any Affiliate (i) has or holds any tradenames, trademarks, servicemarks, logos, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property (collectively, “ Intellectual Property ”) with respect to any Property or the use or operations thereof or is (ii) is the registered holder of any website with respect to any Property (other than Tenant websites).
Each of IHS and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by IHS and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The documents, certificates and written materials furnished to the Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of the Company for use in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, taken as a whole with other documents, certificates and written materials furnished contemporaneously therewith, do not contain any untrue statement of fact or omit to state a material fact (known to the Company in the case of any documents, certificates or written statements not furnished by it) necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which the same were made.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Issuer agrees to sell, and the Investor agrees to purchase the Note, in an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000, a Warrant to purchase 10,000,000 shares of Issuer common stock with an aggregate exercise price of $500,000, and the Origination Shares. The Investor shall deliver to the Issuer, via wire transfer, immediately available funds at such times and in such amounts as set forth in the Funding Schedule attached as an exhibit to the Note (the " Purchase Price ") and the Issuer shall deliver to the Investor the Note, the Warrant, and the Origination Shares, and the Issuer and the Investor shall deliver any other documents or agreements related to this transaction.
During the Employment Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“Annual Base Salary”), paid at a biweekly rate, at least equal to the highest annualized (for any fiscal year consisting of less than 12 full months or with respect to which the Executive has been employed by the Company for less than 12 full months) base salary paid or payable, including any Annual Base Salary that has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the Company for any of the three fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Effective Date occurs. During the Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually and shall be increased at any time and from time to time as shall be substantially consistent with increases in base salary generally awarded in the ordinary course of business to other peer executives of the Company. Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such increase, and the term Annual Base Salary shall refer to the Annual Base Salary as so increased.
Neither Borrower nor, to Borrower's knowledge, any ERISA Affiliate of Borrower has incurred or could be subjected to any liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or maintains or contributes to, or is or has been required to maintain or contribute to, any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or substantially similar provisions under federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations.
No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, both before and immediately after giving effect to this Agreement.  Seller is not in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any contractual obligations applicable to it or its property.
Whenever shares of Stock are issued or to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, the Company shall have the right to require the recipient to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local or other withholding tax requirements if, when, and to the extent required by law (whether so required to secure for the Company an otherwise available tax deduction or otherwise) prior to the delivery of any such shares. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on satisfaction of all such withholding obligations and the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the recipient of an Award. However, in such cases Participants may elect, subject to the approval of the Committee, acting in its sole discretion, to satisfy an applicable withholding requirement, in whole or in part, by having the Company withhold shares to satisfy their tax obligations. The Company also may require a Participant to satisfy withholding obligations by engaging in a cashless exercise transaction (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan. Participants may only elect to have Shares withheld having a fair market value on the date the tax is to be determined equal to the minimum statutory total tax which could be imposed on the transaction. All elections shall be irrevocable, made in writing, signed by the Participant, and shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee deems appropriate.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its choice of law principles.
Comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof or to the operation of such Loan Party’s or Subsidiary’s business the non-compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent any separate provision of this Agreement shall expressly require compliance with any particular Applicable Law(s) pursuant to another standard). Each Loan Party may, however, contest or dispute any Applicable Laws in any reasonable manner, provided that any related Lien is inchoate or stayed and sufficient reserves are established to the reasonable satisfaction of Administrative Agent to protect Administrative Agent’s Lien on or security interest in the Collateral.
The Trustee shall be the “Tax Unitholder” of the Company for federal, state and local income tax administrative or judicial proceedings (such administrative proceedings being referred to as a “tax audit” and such judicial proceedings being referred to as a “judicial review”) and is treated as the “tax matters partner” pursuant to Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code as in effect on November 1, 2015 (Subchapter C of Chapter 63 of the Code as in effect on November 1, 2015 referred to as the “ Current Partnership Audit Rules ”) and the “partnership representative” pursuant to Section 6223(a) of the Code as included in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (with the changes to Subchapter C of Chapter 63 of the Code as made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 referred to as the “ 2015 Budget Act Partnership Audit Rules ”).  The Trustee is authorized to conduct all tax audits and judicial reviews for the Company.  So long as Section 6223(c)(3) of the Current Partnership Audit Rules is in effect, upon receipt of notice from the IRS of the beginning of an administrative proceeding with respect to the Company, the Tax Unitholder shall furnish the IRS with the name, address, taxpayer identification number and profit interest of each of the Unitholders and any Assignees; provided , however , that such information is provided to the Company by the Unitholders.
The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (i) shall be true and correct at and as of the Effective Date in all material respects and (ii) shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date in all respects. Buyer shall have duly performed and complied in all respects with all agreements, covenants and conditions required by this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party, to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date.
The Parent Guarantor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. The Parent Guarantor is duly authorized and qualified to do business and is in good standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation and in jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business requires it to so qualify. The Parent Guarantor has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Parent Guaranty.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company’s employee benefit, fringe and perquisite plans, practices, policies and arrangements as in effect from time to time (collectively, “ Employee Benefits ”), on generally the same terms and conditions as each of the Employee Benefits are made available to other senior executives of the Company (other than with respect to annual bonuses, incentive plans and severance plans (as well as any other terms and conditions specifically determined under this Agreement), the benefits for each which shall be determined instead in accordance with this Agreement); provided that Executive shall be entitled to no less than four (4) weeks’ vacation per calendar year.
The Lessee is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware; is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its operations or the nature of its business requires to be so qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the Lessee or its business; is a U.S. Air Carrier; and has the corporate power and authority to engage in air transport and to carry on scheduled passenger service as presently conducted, to own each Aircraft and to enter into and perform its obligations under the Operative Documents.
Borrowers shall use the proceeds of Revolving Loans solely (a) to pay transaction fees incurred in connection with the Financing Documents and (b) for general corporate purposes and for the working capital needs of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries. No portion of the proceeds of the Loans will be used for family, personal, agricultural or household use.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior written agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings and all prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and, as applicable, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature under or by reason of this Agreement.
Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall cause the Director to be appointed, and the Director hereby agrees to serve the Company in such position upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, provided , however , that the Director’s continued service on the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) after the initial one-year term on the Board shall be subject to approval by the Company’s stockholders.
Give the Lender prompt written notice of an amendment or modification to any of the Credit Parties’ Organizational Documents.
All federal and state income tax returns and other material tax returns of the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary required by Applicable Law to be filed have been duly filed (except for any such returns the non-filing of which would not result in any material fine or penalty or would not otherwise reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); and all federal and state income taxes and other material taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies upon, each Loan Party, each other Subsidiary and their respective properties, income, profits and assets which are due and payable have been paid, except any such nonpayment which is at the time permitted under Section 8.6 . As of the Agreement Date, none of the United States federal income tax returns of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is under audit. All charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries in respect of any material taxes or other governmental charges are in accordance with GAAP.
Except for fees payable to Scarsdale Equities LLC, no placement agent or finder’s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Subject to Sections 2(b) and 2(c), one share of common stock of the Company (the “Common Stock”) shall be issuable for each Unit subject to the Award (the “Shares”) upon vesting. Immediately thereafter, or as soon as administratively feasible, the Company will deliver the appropriate number of Shares to the Director after satisfaction of any required tax or other withholding obligations, or, in the case of Approved 102 Option, to the Trustee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the relevant number of Shares shall be delivered to the Director or, in the case of Approved 102 Option, to the Trustee no later than March 15th of the year following the calendar year in which the Award vests.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Executive and the Company with respect to the subjects addressed herein and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and representations, written or oral, with respect to those subjects.
The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement of all expenses reasonably incurred by him in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder, in each case in accordance with policies established by the Board from time to time and upon receipt of appropriate documentation.  Upon the Executive’s termination of employment (as provided in, and subject to the provisions of, Section 4 ), any outstanding reimbursement requests must be submitted promptly and payment shall occur thereafter but no later than December 31st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expenses were incurred.
Any judicial proceeding brought against the Borrower with respect to any Loan Document Related Claim may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in The City of New York, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Borrower (a) accepts, generally and unconditionally, the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and any related appellate court and irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with any Loan Document Related Claim and (b) irrevocably waives any objection it may now or hereafter have as to the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court or that such a court is an inconvenient forum. The Borrower hereby waives personal service of process and consents that service of process upon it may be made by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, at its address specified or determined in accordance with the provisions of Article XII , and service so made shall be deemed completed on the third Business Day after such service is deposited in the mail. Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Indemnified Person to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, any Lender or any other Indemnified Person to bring proceedings against the Borrower in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Any judicial proceeding by the Borrower against the Administrative Agent or any Lender involving any Loan Document Related Claim shall be brought only in a court located in the City and State of New York.
Seller has paid all taxes, including penalties and interest, that are due on or have accrued through the Effective Date and all required reports and returns relating thereto have been, or will be, timely filed, subject to any extension rights. To Seller’s Knowledge, all sales and use taxes required to be paid or collected by Seller or Manager in the ownership and operation of the Property have been or will be collected and paid, in the ordinary course of business, to the appropriate governmental authority through the Effective Date. To Seller’s knowledge, as of the Effective Date, (i) neither Seller nor Manager has received written notice of any special tax assessment relating to the Hotel or any portion thereof, and (ii) there are no tax agreements in place affecting the Property.
No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies provided in this Guaranty, the Credit Agreement, any Secured Cash Management Agreement, any Secured Hedge Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Credit Parties herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Aggregate Commitment has not expired or terminated.  The provisions of Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 11.03 and Article X shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Aggregate Commitment or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered is an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. In making proof of this Agreement, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart which is executed by the party against whom enforcement of this Agreement is sought.
The Restricted Shares shall vest as of the date of grant.
The Company has all corporate power and authority and has taken all requisite action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for (i) the authorization, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, (ii) the authorization of the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder, and (iii) the authorization, issuance (or reservation for issuance) and delivery of the Notes and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof (the “ Conversion Shares ” and, together with the Notes, the “ Securities ”). The Loan Documents, upon execution and delivery thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability, relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally and to general equitable principles.
(a) Under the laws of Mexico, with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or any Note issued hereunder, each of the Mexican Borrower and its Subsidiaries is subject to private commercial law and to suit, and neither it nor its properties have any immunity from the jurisdiction of any court or any legal process that may be brought in the courts of Mexico (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise).
After giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, the aggregate assets (after giving effect to amounts that could reasonably be expected to be received by reason of indemnity, offset, insurance or any similar arrangement), at a fair valuation, of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, exceed the aggregate Debt of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis, the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, have not incurred and do not intend to incur, and do not believe that they have incurred, Debt beyond their ability to pay such Debt (after taking into account the timing and amounts of cash they reasonably expect could be received and the amounts that they reasonably expect could be payable on or in respect of their liabilities, and giving effect to amounts that that could reasonably be expected to be received by reason of indemnity, offset, insurance or any similar arrangement) as such Debt becomes absolute and matures and the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, do not have (and do not have reason to believe that it will have thereafter) unreasonably small capital for the conduct of their business.
This Agreement, including the Employee Confidential Information and Employee Innovations and Proprietary Rights Assignment Agreement incorporated herein by reference, and the Product Purchase Agreement (in each case, including all Schedules, Exhibits and Appendices hereto and thereto) contain the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, including, without limitation, illustrative terms of employment, except for any written agreement of the parties that expressly provides that it is not superseded by this Agreement.
All corporate or similar action, as applicable on the part of such party, necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed by such party and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its term.
In the event of actual or threatened breach by Executive of any of his covenants in Articles V , VI , and VII , the Company shall be entitled to equitable relief by temporary restraining order, temporary injunction, or permanent injunction or otherwise, in addition to all other legal and equitable relief to which it may be entitled, including but not limited to any and all monetary damages that the Company may incur as a result of said breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing shall restrict the Company from pursuing any relief otherwise provided for by this Agreement. The Company may pursue any remedy available to it concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any other of such remedies as to such breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation, or as to any other breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation. In addition to the above, in the event that a final judicial determination concludes that Executive has materially breached any of his covenants in Articles V , VI or VII , the Company will be entitled to reimbursement by Executive of all cash severance payments paid by the Company under Section 4.3(b)(3) , Section  4.3(b)(4) , Section  4.3(c)(3) or Section  4.3(c)(4) , as applicable, of this Agreement during the period of any such breach. In the event of an alleged actual material breach by Executive of any of his covenants in Articles V , VI or VII , as determined in good faith by the Board, the Company may suspend the payments of cash severance then owing to Executive under Section 4.3(b)(3) , Section  4.3(b)(4) , Section  4.3(c)(3) or Section  4.3(c)(4) , as applicable, of this Agreement without resort to judicial intervention until such breach is cured (if curable); provided , however , that if it is later determined, whether judicially or otherwise by the Board, that Executive was not in material breach of such covenants, the Company shall promptly pay to Executive all such suspended payments and benefits, as well as reimbursement of all reasonable costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by Executive in defending any such claim or action in accordance with Section 10.11 ; and provided further , however , that any cure and payments upon cure and any payments upon a judicial determination that no breach occurred will be made no later than the deadline under Section 409A that is applicable to disputed payments and refusals to pay.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 15.2 , no Unitholder shall, in any manner, either directly or indirectly, divulge, disclose, or communicate to any Person any non-public information, data, observations or materials relating to the LLC or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective assets, liabilities, operations, businesses, affairs and activities (including any notes, summaries, evaluations, analyses and other material derived from any such information, data, observations or materials) (collectively, “ Confidential Information ”); provided , however , that the foregoing confidentiality obligation shall not apply to any Confidential Information that ( a ) has previously become available to the general public for a period of at least two (2) Business Days (other than as a result of wrongful disclosure by the Unitholder) or ( b ) becomes available to the Unitholder on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the LLC or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as such source is not known by the Unitholder (after reasonable inquiry) to be subject to another confidentiality agreement. Until the termination of this Agreement, no Unitholder shall make any use of any Confidential Information other than to further the operations, businesses, affairs and activities of the LLC and its Subsidiaries or to evaluate or monitor (in its capacity as a Unitholder) its investment in the LLC. The foregoing provisions of this Section 15.2 shall not prohibit the disclosure of Confidential Information by ( i ) any Unitholder to the extent required by applicable law, rule, regulation, governmental body or stock exchange (including regulatory and self-regulatory bodies), court order or other governmental decree, ( ii ) any current or former Principal Investor to the extent required or appropriate in connection with federal securities laws, stock exchange requirements or other public company reporting or disclosure obligations, in which case the current or former Principal Investor intending to make the release or disclosure of such Confidential Information shall use commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the other Principal Investor (if any) to the extent practicable about, and allow the other party reasonable time (taking into account the circumstances, including exigent circumstances) to comment on, such release or disclosure in advance of such issuance, and the current or former Principal Investor intending to make the release or disclosure will consider such comments in good faith, ( iii ) any Unitholder with the written consent of the Principal Investors, which consent may be withheld by the Principal Investors in their sole discretion, ( iv ) any Unitholder to any officer, director, manager, employee or other representative (“ Representatives ”), Affiliate or Representatives of an Affiliate of such Unitholder if such Person has a need to know such information and has agreed or is otherwise obligated not to communicate such information to any other Person or use the Confidential Information for his, her or its own benefit, for any purpose other than to monitor the recipient’s indirect interest in the LLC or in a manner adverse to the interests of the LLC or ( v ) any current or former Principal Investor to any limited partner of such current or former Principal Investor, but only to the extent such Confidential Information being disclosed does not contain material, non-public information and is of a nature customarily disclosed by private investment funds to their limited partners in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the recipient of such Confidential Information has been advised and directed not to communicate such information to any other Person or use the Confidential Information for his, her or its own benefit, for any purpose other than to monitor the recipient’s indirect interest in the LLC or in a manner adverse to the interests of the LLC. Each Unitholder shall take reasonable steps to inform its Representatives, Affiliates and limited partners who receive access by such Unitholder to any Confidential Information of the provisions of this Section 15.2 , and any other Person who receives access to any Confidential Information from such Unitholder pursuant to clauses (iv) or (v) of the foregoing sentence, and such Unitholder shall be responsible for any violation of this Section 15.2 by such Persons as if such Persons been bound hereunder. Except for any disclosure made pursuant to Section 15.2(ii) , if any Unitholder is required by applicable law, rule, regulation, governmental body or stock exchange (including regulatory and self-regulatory bodies), court order or other governmental decree to disclose Confidential Information, such Unitholder shall give prompt written notice of such fact to the LLC so that the LLC may seek a protective order or other governmental or judicial relief to prevent disclosure of such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the LLC and each Unitholder acknowledges that, in the ordinary course of business of each member of the Investor Group, the members of the Investor Group evaluate, pursue, acquire, sell, manage, advise and serve on the boards of other Persons. The LLC and each Unitholder acknowledges that ( x ) the review of the Confidential Information by each of Frazier, Providence and the members of the Investor Group may inevitably enhance such Persons’ or their respective Affiliates’ knowledge and understanding of the industries in which the Company Group operates in a way that cannot be separated from such Persons’ or their respective Affiliates’ other knowledge, and the LLC and each Unitholder agrees that this Section 15.2 shall not restrict such Persons’ or their respective Affiliates’ use of such general industry knowledge and understanding, including in connection with investments in other companies (including in the same or similar industries) and ( y ) none of Frazier or Providence or any member of the Investor Group shall be deemed to have used any Confidential Information in contravention of this Section 15.2 solely because of the fact of its evaluation, pursuit, acquisition, sale or management of, provision of advice to, or service on the board of any such other investment.
Each Participant may elect the percentage of his Compensation (stated in full percentages, unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a uniform and non-discriminatory basis) which shall be contributed to the Plan in cash to his Before-Tax Account as Before-Tax Contributions and to his Roth Account as Roth Contributions.  The aggregate of a Participant’s Employee Contributions shall not be less than 1.0% nor more than 25.0% of his Compensation.  The percentages so elected shall be applied to the Compensation of the Participant, on a paycheck by paycheck basis, as increased or decreased from time to time.  The percentages so elected shall be subject to automatic adjustment and the limitations on contributions as set forth in Article XI.
Borrower and TRS Entity shall, without expense to Lender, execute, acknowledge and deliver all further acts, deeds, conveyances, mortgages, deeds of trust, assignments, security agreements, and financing statements as Lender shall from time to time reasonably require, to assure, convey, assign, transfer and confirm unto Lender the Property and rights conveyed or assigned by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Environmental Indemnity or which Borrower may become bound to convey or assign to Lender, or for carrying out the intention or facilitating the performance of the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the Environmental Indemnity, or for filing, refiling, registering, reregistering, recording or rerecording the Security Instrument.
This Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Agreement may be amended pursuant to Section 8.6 of the Plan. Such amendment must be in writing and signed by the Company. The Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect the interests of the Director hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which together shall constitute a single Agreement.
Subject to the requirements of clause (e) of this Section 11.06 , any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender, a Disqualified Lender or any Borrower or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any Borrower; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, participations may be sold to Disqualified Lenders unless the DQ List has been posted to the Platform) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clauses (a) , (b) , (c) , (g)  and (h)  of Section 11.01 that affects such Participant. All parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation or duty to monitor or track whether any Disqualified Lender shall have become a Participant hereunder. Subject to clause (f) of this Section 11.06 , each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.06(b), subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections, including Section 3.01(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the participating Lender, and if any additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (c) , to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant shall be subject to Section 2.12 as though it were a Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation.
No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Employee and the CEO.
All amounts due under this Section shall be due and payable (and subject to the DIP Financing Orders) shall be paid not later than 10 days after demand therefor; provided , however , any Indemnitee shall promptly refund an indemnification payment received hereunder to the extent that there is a final judicial determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such payment pursuant to this Section 10.04 .
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; provided , however , that the Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and its legal and accounting advisers, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.
Each Party acknowledges that because money damages would be an insufficient remedy for any failure of any Party to perform its obligations in accordance with their specific terms or any other breach of this Agreement by any Party, each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy of any such breach, including, without limitation, an order of any court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply promptly with, or to prevent breaches of, any of its obligations hereunder (including to take such actions as are necessary to consummate the Restructuring as contemplated by this Agreement and the CEOC Plan), without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as an exclusive remedy. Each of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense that a remedy at law is adequate and (b) any requirement to post bond or other security in connection with actions instituted for injunctive relief, specific performance, or other equitable remedies. Nothing herein waives entitlements to money damages or any other remedies available at law or equity. None of the Parties shall oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief when available pursuant to the terms of this Agreement on the basis that the other Parties have an adequate remedy at law.
Except as provided for in Section 23.1 above, this Agreement may only be modified, amended, changed or supplemented in writing signed by both Parties.
Except as otherwise provided herein and in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units will vest upon, and to the extent of, the achievement of specific performance vesting conditions, as described generally in Exhibit A attached hereto and specifically with respect to Grantee in Exhibit B attached hereto. The extent of achievement of the specified performance targets and the satisfaction of the applicable vesting conditions shall be determined on an annual basis by the Committee, in its sole discretion, within 90 days following the Company’s most recently completed fiscal year. Exhibit B shall be updated by the Company accordingly to reflect such determinations and to reflect the Grantee’s “Strategic Objectives” for the next fiscal year of vesting, if applicable. If the Grantee’s employment with or service to the Company or an Affiliate is terminated for reasons other than death or disability (as determined by the Committee) prior to the date the Restricted Stock Units are vested, the Restricted Stock Units that have not yet vested as of the date of such termination will be immediately forfeited without further consideration or any act or action by the Grantee. If, prior to the date the Restricted Stock Units have vested, the Grantee’s employment with or service to the Company or an Affiliate terminates as a result of death or disability (as determined by the Committee), then all such Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the date of such termination.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws of such state or any other jurisdiction that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and (c) waive, and agree not to plead or make, any claim that the Delaware Court lacks venue or that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.
Evidence that: (i) each Seller has added Administrative Agent as an additional loss payee under each Seller’s Fidelity Insurance and (ii) Property Manager has added Administrative Agent as an additional loss payee under Property Manager’s Fidelity Insurance.
This Agreement embodies the complete agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and effective as of its date supersedes and preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or between the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Tyson, you and their respective heirs, executors, personal representatives, successors and assigns, except that neither party may assign any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party. The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the prior written consent of Tyson and you, and no course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and both of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Immediately after giving effect to (a) the issuance of this Note, (b) the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan, and (c) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Borrower is Solvent.
Manager may not assign its duties under this Agreement except as described in this Section 24. Manager may assign this Agreement, Manager’s duties hereunder or direct or indirect interests in Manager so long as the assignee or Manager, as the case may be, shall be controlled, directly or indirectly, by Gramercy Property Trust. For avoidance of doubt for the purposes of this Section 24, Gramercy Property Trust shall include any successor to Gramercy Property Trust. whether by merger, consolidation or similar business combination transaction, however characterized. This Agreement may not be assigned by Company without the prior written consent of the Manager.
This Agreement shall terminate upon death of the Executive; provided, however, that in such event the Employer shall pay to the estate of the Executive the compensation, including Base Salary and accrued but unused paid-time off in accordance with Employer’s policies with respect thereto, which otherwise would be payable to the Executive through the date on which his death occurs. Such amounts shall be paid at the end of the payroll period that follows the payroll period in which his employment terminates due to his death. Additionally, the Employer shall pay to the Executive’s estate any vested benefits under this Agreement or under any plan or program of the Employer (paid at the times provided thereunder) and any bonus or other short-term incentive compensation earned, but not yet paid, for any year prior to the year in which his death occurs.
Each of the Parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable injury to the other Parties would occur in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that such injury would not be adequately compensable by the remedies available at law (including the payment of money damages). It is accordingly agreed that Engine, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand (the “ Moving Party ”), will each be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive relief to prevent any violation of, the terms hereof, and the other Parties will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available at law or in equity. This Section 10 is not the exclusive remedy for any violation of this Agreement.
The Company is in compliance with its reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act.
During the Term, the Employee will disclose to the Company all ideas, inventions, advertising campaigns, designs, logos, slogans, processes, operations, products or improvements which may be patentable or copyrightable or subject to any trade or service mark or name, and business plans developed by him during such period,   either individually or in collaboration with others, which relate to the business of the Company ("Intellectual Property").  The Employee agrees that such Intellectual Property will be the sole property of the Company and that he will at the Company's request and cost do whatever is reasonably necessary to secure the rights thereto by patent, copyright, trademark or otherwise to the Company.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of Broward County, Florida or in the federal courts located in the State of Florida. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Employee shall be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per year for each full year of employment and pro rata for each partial year. Vacation time not taken during a calendar year is not accrued to the next calendar year.
The Parties to this Agreement warrant and represent that the terms of this Agreement are strictly confidential. The contents, terms and conditions of this Agreement may not be voluntarily discussed with anyone or disclosed to any other person or entity, except to your spouse and to the Parties’ attorneys and accountants, to the Company’s employees for purposes of carrying out the terms of this Agreement or as required by any prima facie valid court order or subpoena or otherwise as required by law, including with respect to filing this Agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Parties agree that if either party is asked for information concerning this Agreement, that party will state only that the Parties reached an amicable resolution of any disputes concerning your separation from the Company. This applies not only to Ms. Wang but to all current board members, attorneys of the Company, and any Company employees involved in carrying out the terms of this Agreement.
The Parties agree and acknowledge that the restrictions contained in Paragraphs 1-8 are reasonable in scope and duration and are necessary to protect the Company.  If any provision of Paragraphs 1-8 as applied to any party or to any circumstance is judged by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other circumstance or the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.  If any such provision, or any part thereof, is held to be unenforceable because of the duration of such provision or the area covered thereby, the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and/or area of such provision, and/or to delete specific words or phrases, and in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced.
This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if all signatures were upon the same instrument. Signatures may be affixed manually or digitally and delivery of an executed counterpart of the signature pages to this Amendment by facsimile or by electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
This Agreement will not be effective with respect to the Company until the satisfaction of the following conditions subsequent: CEC and CAC shall have (a) reached agreement on the terms and conditions of, and executed and delivered, the Merger Agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company and (b) obtained the Sponsor Agreements in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company, in each case of (a) and (b), by the Outside Merger Date.
Each Holder proposing to make a Proposed Transfer must deliver a written notice (an “ Offer Notice ”) to Parent stating its bona fide intention to offer the ROFO Shares.  Such Offer Notice shall contain the number of ROFO Shares to be offered and the material terms and conditions (including price, form of consideration and proposed closing date) of the Proposed Transfer.  The Offer Notice shall constitute the selling Holder’s offer to sell the ROFO Shares to Parent, which offer shall be irrevocable for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date thereof (the “ Offer Period ”); provided , however , that the Offer Period shall be seven (7) calendar days from the date of the Offer Notice with respect to any Proposed Transfer of securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act (including a registration statement filed pursuant to Section 2 ).  To exercise its Right of First Offer under this Section 5 , in whole or in part, Parent must deliver a Parent Notice to the selling Holder during the Offer Period.  Parent’s failure to deliver a Parent Notice during the Offer Period will be deemed to be an election not to purchase any of the ROFO Shares specified in the relevant Offer Notice; provided , however , that such election shall not limit Parent’s rights to exercise its Right of First Refusal pursuant to Section 3 in the event that such Holder ultimately proceeds to sell its Parent Shares.
Any provision of this Guarantee which is for any reason prohibited or found or held invalid or unenforceable by any court or governmental agency shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity or unenforceability, without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof in such jurisdiction or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
If the consideration proposed to be paid for the ROFR Shares is in property, services or other non-cash consideration, the fair market value of the consideration shall be as determined in good faith by Parent’s Board of Directors and as set forth in the Parent Notice.  If Parent cannot for any reason pay for the ROFR Shares in the same form of non-cash consideration, Parent may pay the cash value equivalent thereof, as determined in good faith by the Parent’s Board of Directors and as set forth in the Parent Notice.  The closing of the purchase of ROFR Shares by the Company shall take place, and all payments from Parent shall have been delivered to the selling Holder, by (a) the date that is fifteen (15) days after delivery of the Parent Notice if the consideration to be paid for the ROFR Shares is less than or equal to fifty million dollars ($50,000,000), and (b) the date that is forty five (45) days after delivery of the Parent Notice if the consideration to be paid for the ROFR Shares is greater than fifty million dollars ($50,000,000).  For the avoidance of doubt, the value of the consideration to be paid for the ROFR Shares for the purposes of clauses (a) and (b) of the preceding sentence shall be the value of the consideration to be paid by Parent for the ROFR Shares as specified in the Parent Notice and determined in accordance with this Section 3.3 .
The Corporation shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal, provincial and state securities laws; provided , however , notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan and this Agreement, the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue any Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. The Option shall not be exercisable if such exercise would involve a violation of any law.
Following the Distribution Date, and for the duration of the applicable Transition Services Agreement provisions under which Greatbatch provides payroll services for Nuvectra, it is expected that (i) Greatbatch will be responsible for all income, payroll and other tax remittance and reporting related to income of Greatbatch Employees, Former Greatbatch Employees, including in respect of Adjusted Greatbatch Awards and Nuvectra Awards, and individuals who are or were Greatbatch non-employee directors, including in respect of Adjusted Greatbatch Awards and Nuvectra Awards, and (ii) Nuvectra will be responsible for all income, payroll and other tax remittance and reporting related to income of Nuvectra Employees and Former Nuvectra Employees in respect of Adjusted Greatbatch Awards and Nuvectra Awards. Greatbatch or Nuvectra, as applicable, shall facilitate performance by the other Party of its obligations hereunder by promptly remitting amounts or shares withheld in conjunction with a transfer of shares or cash, either (as mutually agreed by the Parties) directly to the applicable taxing authority or to the other Party for remittance to such taxing authority. The Parties will cooperate and communicate with each other and with third-party providers to effectuate withholding and remittance of taxes, as well as required tax reporting, in a timely, efficient and appropriate manner.
This Agreement, and the legal relations between the parties, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflicts of law doctrine.
Use the proceeds of the Term Loan for any purpose other than (a) to finance the Acquisition and (b) to pay the Transaction Expenses.
Beattie agrees and acknowledges that he will not at any time make any statement (orally or in writing) or take any action which, in any way, disparages the Company or any of its affiliates. The Company agrees that it shall not, and shall instruct its officers and members of the Board not to, disparage, criticize or defame Beattie. Nothing in this Section 7 shall prohibit the Company, its affiliates, Beattie or any other person or entity from providing truthful and accurate facts where required by lawfully compelled testimony; provided that Beattie notifies the Company in advance of any such testimony by Beattie and cooperates with the Company’s reasonable efforts with respect to such testimony, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This Section 7 will survive in perpetuity.
This Agreement, collectively with the Confidentiality Agreement , the Indemnification Agreement and the Equity Award   a greements , comprise the entire agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes, in their entirety, any other agreements between Executive and the Company with regard to the subject matter hereof .  The Company and Executive acknowledge that the separation of the Executive’s employment with the Company is intended to constitute an involuntary separation from service for the purposes of Section 409A of the Code, and the related Department of Treasury regulations.  Executive acknowledges that there are no other agreements, written, oral or implied, and that he may not rely on any prior negotiations, discussions, representations or agreements.  This Agreement may be modified only in writing, and such writing must be signed by both parties and recited that it is intended to modify this Agreement.  This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement.
The Company may hold an initial closing (“Initial Closing”) at any time after the receipt of accepted subscriptions from qualified investors prior to the Termination Date. After the Initial Closing, subsequent closings may take place at any time prior to the Termination Date as determined by the Company, with respect to subscriptions accepted prior to the Termination Date (each such closing, together with the Initial Closing, being referred to as a “Closing”). The last Closing of the Offering, occurring on or prior to the Termination Date, shall be referred to as the “Final Closing”. Any subscription documents or funds received after the Final Closing will be returned, without interest or deduction. In the event that the any Closing does not occur prior to the Termination Date, all amounts paid by the Subscriber shall be returned to the Subscriber, without interest or deduction.
The Parties shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by any other Party, in connection with the filing of any Tax Return of or relating to the Company and any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes of or relating to the Company. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon any other Party’s request) the provision of records and information which are reasonably relevant to any such audit, litigation or other proceeding and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. Each Party agrees (i) to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the Company relating to any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations (and, to the extent notified by a Party, any extensions thereof) of the respective taxable periods, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any taxing authority, and (ii) to give any other Party reasonable written notice prior to transferring, destroying or discarding any such books and records and, if the other Party so requests, each Party shall allow the other Party the option of taking possession of such books and records prior to their disposal. The Parties further agree, upon request, to use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any certificate or other document from any taxing authority or any other Person as may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Tax that could be imposed with respect to the transactions contemplated.
Such party, if an entity, has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  Such party, if an individual, has the legal capacity to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the “ Increase Effective Date ”) and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin.
Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the performance by TWH of its obligations hereunder will violate or conflict with TWH entry into or performance under this Agreement or TWH organizational documents, or any applicable Law or Order.
Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect or would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to prevent the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the Merger, (a) there is no Proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective assets or properties, and (b) there are no investigations or inquiries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by Governmental Authorities against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any malfeasance of any other Person for whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be liable. Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary, nor any of the Company’s or any Company Subsidiary’s respective property, is subject to any outstanding Order.
Borrower shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such additional action as may be reasonably requested by Agent to effectuate the provisions and purposes of this Amendment.
CHS will establish and maintain at all times, true and accurate books, records and accounts consistent with good industry practices distinguishable from all of its other books and records, in respect of all prices paid, payments, statements, charges and computations made under this Agreement and will preserve these books, records and accounts for a period of at least two (2) years after their creation. During normal business hours Customer, at its sole cost and expense, shall have the right to inspect, examine and audit, or cause its representatives (including without limitation a third-party auditor) to inspect, examine and audit books and records of CHS to the extent necessary in order to verify the accuracy of any statement, charge, computation or demand made under or pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement. CHS shall provide all customary and commercially reasonable grain accounting and bookkeeping services consistent with good industry practices to Customer for the Grain purchased by or on behalf of CHS hereunder and sold to Customer hereunder, including without limitation, preparation of daily cash position reports, delivery sheets, and grain settlements. All grain settlements, delivery reports and other reports and documents related to the Grain purchased by CHS hereunder and sold to Customer hereunder shall be in a form that is mutually acceptable to CHS and Customer as agreed to from time to time during the term of this Agreement.
EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
To its knowledge, DEAC, each of its Subsidiaries and each of their respective affiliates has been and is in compliance with, and has not received any notice of any violation of any, applicable law, ordinance, regulation or rule of any kind whatsoever, including without limitation the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, or the applicable securities laws and rules and regulations of any state. DEAC is not an "investment company" as such term is defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. To its knowledge, each of DEAC and its Subsidiaries possess from the appropriate Governmental Authority all licenses, permits, authorizations, approvals, franchises and rights that are necessary for WOD to engage in its business as currently conducted and to permit DEAC and each of its Subsidiaries to own and use its properties and assets in the manner in which it currently owns and uses such properties and assets (collectively, "DEAC Permits "). DEAC has not received notice from any Governmental Authority or other Person that it is lacking any license, permit, authorization, approval, franchise or right necessary for DEAC to engage in its business as currently conducted and to permit DEAC to own and use its properties and assets in the manner in which it currently owns and uses such properties and assets. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, DEAC Permits are valid and in full force and effect. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, no event has occurred or to the knowledge of DEAC, does circumstances exist that may (with or without notice or lapse of time): (a) constitute or result, directly or indirectly, in a violation of or a failure to comply with any DEAC Permit; or (b) result, directly or indirectly, in the revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation or termination of, or any modification to, any DEAC Permit. DEAC has not received notice from any Governmental Authority or any other Person regarding: (i) any actual, alleged, possible or potential contravention of any DEAC Permit; or (ii) any actual, proposed, possible or potential revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination of, or modification to, any DEAC Permit. To its knowledge, all applications required to have been filed for the renewal of such have been duly filed on a timely basis with the appropriate Persons, and all other filings required to have been made with respect to such DEAC Permits have been duly made on a timely basis with the appropriate Persons. All DEAC Permits are renewable by their terms or in the ordinary course of business without the need to comply with any special qualification procedures or to pay any amounts other than routine fees or similar charges, all of which have, to the extent due, been duly paid.
Except as otherwise specified herein, the terms and provisions hereof shall in no manner impair, limit, restrict or otherwise affect the obligations of Borrowers or any third party to Agent and Lenders as evidenced by the Credit Documents. Borrowers hereby acknowledge, agree, and represent that (a) as of the date of this Amendment, there are no claims or offsets against, or defenses or counterclaims to, the terms or provisions of the Credit Documents or the other obligations created or evidenced by the Credit Documents; (b) as of the date of this Amendment, no Borrower has any claims, offsets, defenses or counterclaims arising from any of Agent’s or any existing or prior Lender’s acts or omissions with respect to the Credit Documents or Agent’s or any existing or prior Lender’s performance under the Credit Documents; and (c) Borrowers promise to pay to the order of Agent and Lenders the indebtedness evidenced by the Notes according to the terms thereof. In consideration of the modification of certain provisions of the Credit Documents, all as herein provided, and the other benefits received by Borrowers hereunder, Borrowers hereby RELEASE, RELINQUISH and forever DISCHARGE Agent and Lenders, and their predecessors, successors, assigns, shareholders, principals, parents, subsidiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees, attorneys and representatives (collectively, the “ Released Parties ”), of and from any and all present claims, demands, actions and causes of action of any and every kind or character, whether known or unknown, which a Borrower has or may have against Released Parties arising out of or with respect to any and all transactions relating to the Loan Agreement, the Notes, and the other Credit Documents occurring prior to the date hereof.
No Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Option Agreement; provided, however , that an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 5(b).
The situs of this Agreement is Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and for all purposes this Agreement will be governed exclusively by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws and Courts prevailing in the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
This Forbearance Agreement shall become effective on the date on which each of the Borrower, each of the Guarantors and each of the Specified Lenders party hereto constituting the Majority Lenders shall have executed and delivered a copy hereof.
The Grantee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Grantee.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Letter Agreement, should you die after becoming entitled to benefits under this Letter Agreement but before receipt of all benefits to which you became entitled under this Letter Agreement, then the payment of such benefits shall be made, on the due date or dates hereunder had you survived, to the executors or administrators of your estate.
The parties hereto intend and believe that each provision of this Note comports with all applicable local, state and federal laws and judicial decisions. However, if any provision or any portion of any provision contained in this Note is held by a court of law to be invalid, illegal, unlawful, void or unenforceable as written in any respect, then it is the intent of all parties hereto that such portion or provision shall be given force to the fullest possible extent that it is legal, valid and enforceable, that the remainder of the Note shall be construed as if such illegal, invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable portion or provision was not contained therein, and the rights, obligations and interests of Maker and Holder under the remainder of this Note shall continue in full force and effect.
To the extent Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by Borrowers, each Lender will reimburse and indemnify Agent in proportion to its respective portion of the outstanding Advances and its respective Participation Commitments in the outstanding Letters of Credit and outstanding Swing Loans (or, if no Advances are outstanding, pro rata according to the percentage that its Revolving Commitment Amount constitutes of the total aggregate Revolving Commitment Amounts), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent in performing its duties hereunder, or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from Agent’s gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment).
Seller shall not release or modify or consent to the release or modification of any of the Warranties and Guarantees without the prior written consent of Purchaser, which consent may be granted or withheld in Purchaser’s sole and absolute discretion. Seller agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce, prior to Closing (i) all applicable rights and remedies available to Seller under any Development Contracts and (ii) all Warranties and Guarantees, in each case with respect to any deficiency in the Development. Purchaser acknowledges that, as a result of the release set forth in Section 1.2 above, from and after Closing, except for (a) a breach of any Seller Representations or Seller Surviving Obligations discovered after Closing for which written notification of a claim has been sent by Purchaser to Seller prior to the expiration of the Survival Period pursuant to Section 11.16 below, Purchaser shall not have any Claim against Seller with respect to any deficiency in the Development, and that Purchaser shall be entitled to pursue its rights under such Development Contract or such Warranties and Guarantees assigned to Purchaser at Closing pursuant to this Agreement. The covenants of Seller set forth in this Section 4.11 shall survive Closing.
The Committee may amend, modify or terminate the Award and this Agreement without approval of the Grantee; provided, however, that such amendment, modification or termination shall not, without the Grantee’s consent, reduce or diminish the value of this Award determined as if it had been fully vested on the date of such amendment or termination.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company is authorized, without Grantee’s consent, to amend or interpret this Award and this Agreement certificate to the extent necessary, if any, to comply with Section 409A of the Code and Treasury regulations and guidance with respect to such law.
This Capital Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which together shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
This Plan, each award hereunder and the related Agreement, and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant thereto, to the extent not otherwise governed by the Code or the laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and construed in accordance therewith without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations, assuming the correctness of the representations and warranties made by the Purchasers herein, of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, including all applicable Trading Markets), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Article X of the Separation Agreement is hereby incorporated into this Agreement mutatis mutandi.
This Agreement may only be amended or modified by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.  No failure or delay on the part of either party to this Agreement in the exercise of any power or right, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, shall operate as a waiver of such power or right, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude any further or other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right.  Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and any consent to any departure by either party from the terms of any provision hereof, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.  Nothing contained in this Agreement and no action or waiver by any party hereto shall be construed to permit any violation of any other provision of this Agreement or any other document or operate as a waiver by such party of any of her or its rights under any other provision of this Agreement or any other document.
This Agreement supersedes all other oral and written agreements between the Parties with respect to the matters contained in this Agreement and, except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the covenants and agreements between the Parties with respect to those matters.
(a) Interest (other than interest based on the Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate or BA Rate) shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed; and commitment fees and interest based on the Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate or BA Rate shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year (or 366-day year, as the case may be) for the actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Parent Borrower and the affected Lenders of each determination of a Adjusted LIBOR Rate. Any change in the interest rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the Alternate Base Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or the Statutory Reserves shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Parent Borrower and the affected Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such change in interest rate.
This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties, and supersedes and cancels any and all prior agreements among them relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof ( provided , that the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive in accordance with Section 5.3(b) ) and may not be amended or modified except by a written agreement signed by the parties.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the parties hereto may be assigned or delegated to any other Person.
The Bank shall pay a golf club membership and monthly fees at a country club designated by Executive and monthly fees at the Commonwealth Club in Richmond, Virginia, and shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses of outings with clients of the Bank.
Neither party may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that prior to the Closing Date, Buyer may, without the prior written consent of Seller, assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to an Affiliate so long as Buyer shall deliver to Seller, at least seven (7) Business Days prior to Closing, written notice of such assignment together with reasonable written documentation evidencing the fact that such assignee is an Affiliate of Buyer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no assignment by Buyer shall relieve Buyer of any of its obligations hereunder, and any permitted assignee of this Agreement pursuant to the preceding sentence shall expressly assume all of Buyer’s obligations and liabilities hereunder, and a copy of such assignment and assumption shall be provided to Sellers.  Buyer shall remain primarily liable hereunder in the event of any assignment by it.
Awards may be granted on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 6. In addition, the Committee may impose on any Award or the exercise thereof, at the date of grant or thereafter (subject to Section 10(c)), such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine, including terms regarding forfeiture of Awards in the event of termination of employment by the Participant, or termination of the Participant’s service relationship with the Company, and terms permitting a Participant to make elections relating to his or her Award. The Committee shall retain full power and discretion to accelerate, waive or modify, at any time, any term or condition of an Award that is not mandatory under the Plan; provided, however , that the Committee shall not have any discretion to accelerate, waive or modify any term or condition of an Award that is intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” for purposes of section 162(m) of the Code if such discretion would cause the Award to not so qualify or to accelerate the terms of payment of any Award that provides for a deferral of compensation under the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules if such acceleration would subject a Participant to additional taxes under the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules.
The Borrower and its Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, all Intellectual Property material to the conduct of their businesses, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries does not, to the knowledge of the Borrower, infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property rights of any other Person, in each case except where the failure to own or license Intellectual Property, or any infringement on Intellectual Property rights would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
During the Employment Period, the Company shall pay to the Executive a base salary (the “ Base Salary ”) at the rate of no less than $500,000 per calendar year, less applicable deductions. The Base Salary shall be reviewed for increase by the Board no less frequently than annually and shall be increased in the discretion of the Board and any such adjusted Base Salary shall constitute the “Base Salary” for purposes of this Agreement. The Base Salary shall be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company’s regular payroll procedures.
THIS AMENDMENT CONSTITUTES THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT HEREOF. ALL PRIOR UNDERSTANDINGS, STATEMENTS AND AGREEMENTS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT HEREOF ARE SUPERSEDED BY THIS AMENDMENT .
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without reference to its conflict-of-laws principles.
Each of the Guarantors hereby consents, acknowledges and agrees to the amendments set forth herein and hereby confirms and ratifies in all respects the Collateral Documents to which such Guarantor is a party and the Guaranty (including without limitation the continuation of each such Guarantor’s payment and performance obligations thereunder upon and after the effectiveness of this Amendment and the amendments contemplated hereby) and the enforceability of such Collateral Documents and the Guaranty against such Guarantor in accordance with their respective terms and the inclusion of all principal, interest and fees in respect of the 2016 Domestic Term Loan Facility as “Obligations” under the Credit Agreement.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and the related notes and schedules thereto included in the SEC Documents present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries at the dates and for the periods covered thereby. Such financial statements and the related notes and schedules thereto have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods involved (except as otherwise noted therein) and all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of results for such periods have been made; provided , however , that the unaudited financial statements are subject to normal year-end audit adjustments (which are not expected to be material) and do not contain all footnotes required under generally accepted accounting principles.
The Company shall pay to Employee a Base Salary at the rate of $450,000.00 per annum through the expiration of the term, payable bi-weekly as per normal pay practices of the Company. Such Base Salary shall be subject to increase based upon review by the Compensation Committee of the Company (the “Committee”) from time to time.
The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder as reflected on Schedule 4.7 and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt other than the Notes, trade accounts payable and other expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.
If the Executive shall die during the Term, the Term and this Agreement shall terminate and no further amounts or benefits shall be payable hereunder, other than (i) for accrued, but unpaid, Base Salary as of the date of the Executive’s death; (ii) pursuant to life insurance provided under Section 3.5; and (iii) to the extent expressly required pursuant to the terms of the Company’s compensation and benefit plans and policies as in effect on the date of death.
(a) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, at the expense of the Borrower, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to the Collateral Agent from time to time such schedules, confirmatory assignments, financing statements, transfer endorsements, certificates, reports, landlord waivers, flood zone determinations, flood insurance and related borrower notices, and other assurances or instruments and take such further steps relating to the Collateral covered by any of the Security Documents as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require and as are generally consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the Security Documents and are necessary to effectuate the intent of said agreements.
As of May 18 , 2016 and the date hereof, the capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g)(1) , which Schedule 3.1(g)(1) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g) , the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock incentive plans outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g) , no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth in Schedules 3.1(g)(1) and (2) , there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Other than the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g) , there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders. To the knowledge of the Company, except as disclosed in Schedules 3.1(g)(1) and (2) hereto, no Person or group of related Persons beneficially owns (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), or has the right to acquire, by agreement with or by obligation binding upon the Company, beneficial ownership in excess of 5% of the outstanding Common Stock .
The Executive covenants and agrees that, while he is employed by the Company, and after his Termination Date, he shall not make any false, defamatory or disparaging statements about the Company, its affiliates, or the officers or directors of the Company or its affiliates that are reasonably likely to cause material damage to the Company, its affiliates, or the officers or directors of the Company or its affiliates. While the Executive is employed by the Company, and after the Termination Date, the Company agrees, on behalf of itself and its affiliates, that neither the officers nor the directors of the Company or its affiliates in their external communications shall make any false, defamatory or disparaging statements about the Executive that are reasonably likely to cause material damage to the Executive. Nothing in this paragraph 12 shall preclude the Executive or the Company from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process.
The parties may sign any number of copies of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture.  Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.
Except for the Disclosed Matters, there is no action, suit or proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of the Borrower threatened against or affecting, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries before any arbitrator or any Governmental Authority, that (i) could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) which would in any material respect draw into question the enforceability of any of the Financing Documents.
The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities to pay amounts required under the Acquisition Agreement, to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
All of the restrictive covenants contained in this Section 13 shall be binding on the assigns, executors, administrators and other legal representatives of the Executive, and shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Executive’s employment.
Upon the admission of a Substituted Limited Partner, the General Partner shall amend and restate Exhibit A hereto to reflect the name, address, Capital Account, number of Partnership Units, and Percentage Interest of such Substituted Limited Partner and to eliminate or adjust, if necessary, the name, address, Capital Account and Percentage Interest of the predecessor of such Substituted Limited Partner.
Terms used in this Agreement for which meanings are provided in the UCC of the State of New York shall have such meanings unless a different meaning is given to such terms in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise required by applicable law (including the disclosure requirement of applicable securities laws), each of the Seller and the Servicers agrees to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (and all drafts thereof) in communications with third parties and otherwise; provided that this Agreement may be disclosed to (a) third parties to the extent such disclosure is made pursuant to a written agreement of confidentiality in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and (b) the Seller’s and/or the Servicers’ legal counsel and auditors if they agree to hold it confidential; provided that only the terms and conditions of this Agreement may be revealed to such parties and not the details of any fees, pricing or interest rates. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, each of the Agent and the Purchaser agrees to maintain the confidentiality of non-public financial information regarding Manitowoc and its Subsidiaries and other information marked as confidential by the Servicers or the Seller; provided , that such information may be disclosed to: (i) third parties to the extent such disclosure is made pursuant to a written agreement of confidentiality in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Manitowoc, (ii) legal counsel and auditors of the Purchaser or the Agent if they agree to hold it confidential, (iii) any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, (iv) any Affiliate of the Purchaser or the Agent and (v) any regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Agent or the Purchaser. Nothing in this Section shall prevent disclosure of information as part of a legal proceeding relating to litigation in respect of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.
No Event of Default or event that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default, has occurred.
There is no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Borrower pending or, to such Borrower’s knowledge, threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
This Consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by the parties hereto on the same or separate counterparts, and each such counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same Consent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Consent by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including a ".pdf" file) shall be equally effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Consent.
Executive agrees that during the Employment Period and thereafter, Executive will not make any statement, publicly or privately, to any individual or entity, including, without limitation, clients, customers, employees, financial or credit institutions, which could reasonably be expected to disparage the Company, any of its affiliates or any of their respective employees, officers or directors.
Except as set forth in the Incorporated Documents, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, Proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the Incorporated Documents, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Act.
This Agreement shall be freely assignable by Company to and shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, Company, its affiliates, successors and assigns and/or any other entity which shall succeed to the business presently being conducted by Company. Being a contract for personal services, neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder shall be assigned by Employee.
The business and operations of the Acquiror Company have been and are being conducted in accordance with all applicable Laws and Orders. The Acquiror Company has not received notice of any violation (or any Proceeding involving an allegation of any violation) of any applicable Law or Order by or affecting the Acquiror Company and, to the knowledge of the Acquiror Company, no Proceeding involving an allegation of violation of any applicable Law or Order is threatened or contemplated.  The Acquiror Company is not subject to any obligation or restriction of any kind or character, nor is there, to the knowledge of the Acquiror Company, any event or circumstance relating to the Acquiror Company that materially and adversely affects in any way its business, properties, assets or prospects or that prohibits the Acquiror Company from entering into this Agreement or would prevent or make burdensome its performance of or compliance with all or any part of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Agreement is awarded pursuant to and is subject to all of the provisions of the Plan, including amendments to the Plan, if any. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and Conditions and the Plan provisions, the Plan provisions will control. The terms “ you ” and “ your ” refer to the Participant named in the Agreement. Capitalized terms that are not defined herein will have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan or the Agreement. The Company’s rights under these Terms and Conditions and the Agreement may be assigned by the Company.
Section 20.6 is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California .
The Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to provide enhanced severance protections to Executives following a Change in Control of the Company subject to certain terms and conditions of the Agreement which can be found in Schedule II.
Employee shall be entitled to 4 weeks paid vacation on an annual basis in accordance with the Company’s policies, as may be established from time to time by the Company for its employees, which shall be taken at such time or times as shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. The Employee shall not carry forward any accrued but untaken vacation entitlement to a subsequent holiday year.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to (a) refinance the Existing Credit Facility, (b) pay fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and (c) fund working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive’s death during the Employment Period, the Partnership or the Employer (as applicable) shall provide the Executive’s estate or beneficiaries with the Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or delivery of the Other Benefits, and shall have no other severance obligations under this Agreement. The Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive’s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days following the Date of Termination (except as otherwise required to be paid sooner pursuant to applicable law). With respect to the provision of the Other Benefits, the term “Other Benefits” as utilized in this Section 5(b) shall include, without limitation, and the Executive’s estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Partnership, the Employer and the Affiliated Companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the Partnership, the Employer and the Affiliated Companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive’s estate and/or the Executive’s beneficiaries, as in effect on the date of the Executive’s death with respect to other peer executives of the Partnership, the Employer and the Affiliated Companies and their beneficiaries.
The terms and provisions contained herein shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to Executive’s employment with the Company during the time period covered by this Agreement. This Agreement replaces and supersedes any and all existing agreements entered into between Executive and the Company relating generally to the same subject matter including Executive’s prior employment agreement dated February 19, 2014.
The Company shall have the right to satisfy any obligation of the Company to withhold taxes or other amounts with respect to the Stock Units by withholding Shares otherwise deliverable to the Employee with respect to the Stock Units having a Fair Market Value equal to the statutory minimum amount of such tax or other withholdings.  Furthermore, the Company may elect to deduct from any cash payment made to the Employee pursuant to this Agreement the amount of any taxes or other amounts which the Company is or will be required to withhold with respect to such cash payment.
Borrower, Master Tenant, each Property and the uses thereof comply in all material respects with all applicable Insurance Requirements and Legal Requirements, including building and zoning ordinances and codes. Each Property conforms to current zoning requirements (including requirements relating to parking) and is neither an illegal nor a legal nonconforming use except as specified in the zoning report delivered to Lender in connection with the Closing. Neither Borrower nor Master Tenant is in default or violation of any order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any Governmental Authority the violation of which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been committed by or on behalf of Borrower, Master Tenant or, to Borrower’s knowledge, any other person in occupancy of or involved with the operation or use of any Property, any act or omission affording any federal Governmental Authority or any state or local Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against any Property or any material portion thereof or any monies paid in performance of its obligations under any of the Loan Documents. None of Borrower, Master Tenant and Sponsor has purchased any portion of the Properties with proceeds of any illegal activity.
Enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of Property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate (other than Holdings or its Restricted Subsidiaries) unless such transaction is (a) otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement and (b) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, than it would obtain in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries may (i) pay to the Sponsor and its Affiliates fees, indemnities and expenses permitted by the Management Agreement; (ii) enter into and perform its obligations under the Management Rights Agreement; (iii) enter into any transaction with an Affiliate that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement to be entered into by Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary with an Affiliate; (iv) without being subject to the terms of this Section 7.10, enter into any transaction with any Person which is an Affiliate of Holdings only by reason of such Person and Holdings having common directors; (v) enter into the Canadian Reorganization or the UK Reorganization and (vi) transactions in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 7.10 shall not apply to (i) employment, benefit, compensation, bonus, retention and severance arrangements with, and payments of compensation or benefits to or for the benefit of, current or former employees, officers or directors of Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, Randy Snyder or (ii) Investments by Affiliates in Qualified Capital Stock of Holdings (and/or such Affiliate’s exercise of any permitted rights with respect thereto) and investments by Affiliates in Term Loans in accordance with Section 10.6(h).
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns which have been required to be filed and paid all taxes shown thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good faith, except where the failure to so file or pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any federal, state or other governmental tax deficiency, penalty or assessment which has been or might be asserted or threatened against it which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
In the event that the Employee’s employment and/or Employment Term ends on account of the Employee’s Disability, the Company shall pay or provide the Employee with the Accrued Benefits, the Prior Year Bonus, and the Pro-Rata Bonus. The Prior Year Bonus shall be payable in a single lump sum on the date on which annual bonuses are paid to the Company’s senior executives generally for such calendar year, but no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the date of termination occurs. The Pro-Rata Bonus shall be payable in a single lump sum on the date on which annual bonuses are paid to the Company’s senior executives generally for such calendar year, but no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the date of termination occurs.
This Agreement may contain more than one counterpart of the signature page and this Agreement may be executed by the affixing of the signatures of each of the Members, which may be delivered via facsimile or .pdf, to one of such counterpart signature pages.  All of such counterpart signatures pages shall be read as though one, and they shall have the same force and effect as though all of the signers had signed a single signature page.
The Borrower agree to reimburse each Secured Debt Representative for its reasonable out of pocket expenses in connection with this Priority Confirmation Joinder, including the reasonable fees, other charges and disbursements of counsel.
The Board of Managers shall have the authority to execute and record any and all documents required in connection with the dissolution, winding up and Termination of the Company.
The Company shall use the proceeds of this Note for research and development and other general corporate purposes.
All payments to the Executive under this Agreement will be subject to all applicable withholding of applicable taxes.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes the Existing Employment Agreement and any and all other prior agreements, promises, understandings and representations regarding the Executive’s employment, compensation, severance or other payments contingent upon the Executive’s termination of employment, whether written or otherwise.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement reached by the Parties. This Agreement supersedes all prior representations, statements, proposals, negotiations, discussions, and understandings regarding the same subject matter. This is an integrated agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing signed by all of the Parties hereto expressly referencing this Agreement.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
The Company will maintain and preserve, and except as permitted by Section 10.3 , will cause each other Borrower to maintain and preserve, its respective existence and good standing under the laws of its state of jurisdiction, as a corporation or other form of business organization, as the case may be, and all rights, privileges, licenses, patents, patent rights, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, franchises and other authority to the extent material and necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses in the ordinary course as conducted from time to time.
(a) Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Maturity Date and (b) the Term Loan Commitments shall terminate following the funding of the Borrowings made on the Closing Date as provided in Section 2.01(b).
The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit, characterize, or in any way affect any provision of this Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be enforced and construed as if no headings had been used in this Agreement.
Except for any notice required under applicable law to be given in another manner, any notice given under this Agreement shall be given in the manner stipulated by Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. Each Pledgor irrevocably designates Borrower as the agent for such Pledgor for the purpose of receiving any notices from Administrative Agent or any Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement and agrees that notices given by Administrative Agent or any Secured Party to the Borrower shall be effective as notice to such Pledgor if given in a manner stipulated by Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement.
Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of annual vacation leave for each Fiscal Year during which Executive is employed (prorated for Executive’s initial year, if not a full year). Such leave shall be administered in accordance with the Company’s vacation policy.
Regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social security, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding (“Tax”) that the Recipient is required to bear pursuant to all applicable laws, the Recipient hereby acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax is and remains the responsibility of the Recipient.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus through and including the expiration date of the Warrants (or the date all Warrants have been exercised or duly called, if earlier), and shall notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or to the Company’s knowledge, the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or to the Company’s knowledge, the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission related to the Prospectus; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 3(d) that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a) the Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.
No delay or failure on the part of Lender or on the part of any holder of the Note in the exercise of any right, power or privilege granted under this Loan Agreement, or under any other Loan Document, or available at law or in equity, shall impair any such right, power or privilege or be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default or any acquiescence therein. No single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege shall preclude the further exercise of such right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be valid against Lender unless made in writing and signed by Lender, and then only to the extent expressly specified therein.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien (except Liens in favor of the Purchasers) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected; or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Each of the Parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable injury to the other Party would occur in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that such injury would not be adequately compensable by the remedies available at law (including the payment of money damages). It is accordingly agreed that Engine, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand (the “ Moving Party ”), will each be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive relief to prevent any violation of, the terms hereof, and the other Party will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available at law or in equity. This Section 10 is not the exclusive remedy for any violation of this Agreement.
As of the date of this Agreement, set forth on Schedule 3.16 is a summary of all insurance policies maintained by Holdings and its Subsidiaries (a) with respect to properties material to the businesses of Holdings and its Subsidiaries against such casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are customary in the case of similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations, and (b) required to be maintained pursuant to the Security Documents. All such insurance policies are maintained with financially sound and responsible insurance companies.
THIS AMENDMENT, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, AND THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.
Aquarius, constituting the Certificate Majority, does hereby (i) consent to, approve, and authorize in all respects the issuance of New Securities in the Qualified Financing and the issuance of any Interim Preferred in any Interim Financing, in each case including, but not limited to, for purposes of (a) Sections 3(d) and 4 of the Certificate of Designation and (b) any applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and (ii) waive in all respects the application of Section 7(b) of the Certificate of Designation with respect to the issuance of New Securities in the Qualified Financing and the issuance of Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents, and/or Interim Preferred in the Interim Financing.
Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be settled solely and exclusively by a binding arbitration process administered by JAMS/Endispute in Boston, Massachusetts.  Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then-existing JAMS/Endispute Rules of Practice and Procedure, with the following exceptions if in conflict:  (i) one arbitrator who is a retired judge shall be chosen by JAMS/Endispute; (ii) each Party to the arbitration will pay one-half of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator, together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator; and (iii) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any Party if written notice (pursuant to the JAMS/Endispute rules and regulations) of the proceedings has been given to such Party.  Each Party shall bear its own attorney’s fees and expenses; provided that the arbitrator may assess the prevailing Party’s fees and costs against the non-prevailing Party as part of the arbitrator’s award.  The Parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings.  Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive.  All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity; provided, however , that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the bringing of an action for injunctive relief or specific performance as provided in this Agreement.
The provisions of Section 9 of the Agreement are incorporated into this Amendment by reference and made a part hereof unless expressly stated otherwise in this Amendment. If at any time any provision of this Amendment shall be held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be of no force and effect, but the illegality or unenforceability of such provision shall have no effect upon and shall not impair the enforceability of any provision of this Amendment and the Agreement. The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and incorporates all representations made in connection with negotiation of the same. The terms hereof may not be terminated, amended, supplemented or modified orally, but only by a written instrument duly authorized by each of the parties hereto. The Agreement, including this Amendment, shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties on any number of separate counterparts each of which counterparts shall be an original, but all of which when together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The definitions of any capitalized terms in this Amendment not specifically defined in this Amendment shall be governed by the Agreement.
Each party hereto shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the other party and such other party's agents, beneficiaries, affiliates, representatives and their respective successors and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Persons") from and against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, taxes and costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs) (collectively, "Losses") resulting directly or indirectly from (a) any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of warranty or non­fulfillment of any of the representations and warranties of such party in this Agreement, or any actions, omissions or statements of fact inconsistent with in any material respect any such representation or warranty, (b) any failure by such party to perform or comply with any agreement, covenant or obligation in this Agreement.
This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representative, by notice to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and on or prior to the Closing Date or, in the case of the Option Securities, prior to the Additional Closing Date (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on or by any of the New York Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Global Market; (ii) trading of any securities issued or guaranteed by the Company shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities; or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis, either within or outside the United States, that, in the judgment of the Representative, is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Memorandum.
No Borrower or Former Borrower will disclose the contents of this Agreement, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Financing Documents to any third party (including, without limitation, any financial institution or intermediary) without Agent’s prior written consent, other than to Borrowers’ and Former Borrowers’ officers and advisors on a need-to-know basis or as otherwise may be required by Law, including to any court or regulatory agency having jurisdiction over such Borrower or Former Borrower. Each Borrower and Former Borrower agrees to inform all such persons who receive information concerning this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents that such information is confidential and may not be disclosed to any other person except as may be required by Law, including to any court or regulatory agency having jurisdiction over such Borrower or Former Borrower.
THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE CONSTRUED UNDER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.  ALL OF THE OBLIGATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS CONTRACT ARE PERFORMABLE IN BEXAR COUNTY, TEXAS.
All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing and given as provided in Section 8.11 of the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder to the New Grantor shall be given to it at the address set forth under its signature hereto, which information supplements Section 8.11 of the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the first to occur of (a) the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “ Closing ”), (b) the date of Holder’s Qualifying Termination (as defined below), provided such Qualifying Termination occurs prior to the Merger Termination Date (as defined below), or (c) the lapse of the Transfer Restrictions set forth herein with respect to all shares of the Company’s common stock (the “ Shares ”) issued to Holder upon the accelerated vesting of the Unvested Equity Awards. Following the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the Transfer Restrictions, if any, set forth herein shall lapse and no longer apply.
The parties agree that this Assignment may be executed by the parties in one or more counterparts and each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Each Member covenants and agrees that: (a) it, he or she will not disclose or make use of any Trade Secrets or Confidential Information of the Company other than as necessary in connection with the performance of his or her duties as an employee of, or consultant to, the Company; and (b) it, he or she shall not, directly or indirectly, transmit or disclose any Trade Secret or Confidential Information of the Company to any person and shall not make use of any such Trade Secret or Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, for, as applicable, himself, herself or others, without the prior written consent of the Company, except for a disclosure that is required by any law, order or legal process, in which case such Holder shall provide the Company prior written notice of such requirement as promptly as practicable so that the Company may contest such disclosure. To the extent that such information is a “trade secret” as that term is defined under a state or federal law, this subparagraph is not intended to, and does not, limit the Company’s rights or remedies thereunder and the time period for prohibition on disclosure or use of such information is until such information becomes generally known to the public through the act of one who has the right to disclose such information without violating a legal right of the Company.
No condition or event shall exist or have occurred at or as of the date of such Advance which would constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder.
This Agreement has been made and entered into in the State of California and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; provided that the Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legatees, assigns and transferees, as the case may be.
The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW RULES.
Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation during each calendar year of the Term, during which period his Salary shall be paid in full.  Executive shall take his vacation at such time or times as Executive and the Corporation shall determine is mutually convenient.  It is expected that vacation time for each calendar year will be taken in such calendar year and that unused vacation time shall not rollover to subsequent calendar years.
In the event any provision of this Plan is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of this Plan, and this Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.
During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be reimbursed for reasonable travel and other expenses incurred or paid by Executive in connection with the performance of his services under this Agreement, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information as may from time to time be requested by the Company, in accordance with such policies of the Company as are in effect as of the Commencement Date and as may be modified by the Company from time to time, under such terms as may be applicable to officers of Executive’s rank employed by NBTB, NBT Bank, or their affiliates. All expenses or other reimbursements under this Agreement shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by Executive (provided that if any such reimbursements constitute taxable income to Executive, such reimbursements shall be paid no later than March 15 th of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses to be reimbursed were incurred), and no such reimbursement of expenses eligible for reimbursement in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THE LOAN DOCUMENTS WILL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE LENDERS OR ANY SECURED PARTIES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, TO MOVE TO COMPEL ARBITRATION OR MOVE TO STAY OR DISMISS A LAWSUIT IN FAVOR OF ARBITRATION, AND EACH TRIBAL PARTY’S WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY WILL EXPRESSLY EXTEND TO SUCH ACTIONS.  EACH OF THE TRIBAL PARTIES HEREBY AGREES THAT ITS LIMITED WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY AND OTHER WAIVERS DESCRIBED IN SECTIONS 9.11 OR 9.12 ARE IRREVOCABLE AND AGREES NOT TO REVOKE OR FURTHER LIMIT, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, ITS LIMITED WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY OR THE WAIVERS DESCRIBED IN THESE SECTIONS OR IN ANY WAY ATTEMPT TO REVOKE OR FURTHER LIMIT, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, SUCH LIMITED WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY.  IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OF THE TRIBAL PARTIES (I) REVOKES, FURTHER LIMITS OR ATTEMPTS TO REVOKE OR FURTHER LIMIT THE LIMITED WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY DESCRIBED IN SECTIONS 9.11 OR 9.12 , (II) TAKES ANY ACTION WHICH IS INCONSISTENT WITH THE WAIVERS DESCRIBED IN SECTIONS 9.11 OR 9.12 OR (III) FAILS TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS AS DESCRIBED IN SECTIONS 9.11 OR 9.12 , EACH OF THE TRIBAL PARTIES HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE ENTRY OF APPROPRIATE INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. THE TRIBE’S WAIVERS, CONSENTS AND AGREEMENTS IN ANY PROVISION OF SECTIONS 9.11, 9.12 and 9.13, SHALL TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (OTHER THAN LAW OF THE TRIBE), APPLY TO ALL SHARED IMMUNITY PERSONS.
Buyer may at any time send Sellers a notice showing the calculation of any amounts payable pursuant to this Article 12 , and Sellers shall pay such amounts to Buyer within the time period stated in the applicable provision of this Article 12 , or if no such time period is stated, within ten (10) Business Days after Sellers receives such notice. Each Party’s obligations under this Article 12 shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of Buyer, the termination of the Transactions and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Repurchase Document.
The Executive will perform such duties and services for the Company as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors (the “Board”) and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Executive agrees to serve the Company faithfully and to the best of his ability under the direction of the Board and to carry out the functions typically performed by a Chief Financial Officer. The Executive further agrees to perform such duties in accordance with the general fiduciary duties of officers and directors arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Executive is expected and required to devote substantially all of his time and attention during normal business hours to the affairs of the Company and/or its subsidiaries.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and, except as otherwise provided herein, supersedes all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings of every kind and nature between the Parties hereto and neither Party shall be bound by any term or condition other than as expressly set forth or provided for in this Agreement.  Effective as of the date hereof, the Prior Agreement is hereby terminated and this Agreement satisfies all entitlements set forth in the Prior Agreement; provided, however, that Section 7 and Section 16 of the Prior Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
The laws of the State of Colorado govern this Agreement without regard to conflict of laws principles. Employee and the Company each hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state courts located in the City and County of Denver, State of Colorado, and the federal district court sitting in the City and County of Denver, State of Colorado, if that court otherwise possesses jurisdiction over the matter, for any legal proceeding concerning Employee’s employment or termination of employment, or arising from or related to this Agreement or any other agreement executed between Employee and the Company. Should an action be brought to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in prosecuting the action.
The effective date of this Assignment Agreement (the “Effective Date”) shall be the later of the date specified in Item 5 of Schedule 1 or two (2) Business Days (or such shorter period agreed to by the Administrative Agent) after a Notice of Assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit “I” attached hereto has been delivered to the Administrative Agent. Such Notice of Assignment must include the consent of the Administrative Agent required by Section 12.3.1 of the Credit Agreement. In no event will the Effective Date occur if the payments required to be made by the Assignee to the Assignor on the Effective Date under Sections 4 and 5 hereof are not made on the proposed Effective Date. The Assignor will notify the Assignee of the proposed Effective Date no later than the Business Day prior to the proposed Effective Date. As of the Effective Date, (i) the Assignee shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to the rights and obligations assigned to the Assignee hereunder and (ii) the Assignor shall relinquish its rights and be released from its corresponding obligations under the Loan Documents with respect to the rights and obligations assigned to the Assignee hereunder.
Upon the date of the issuance or increase of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have sold to each other Lender and each other Lender shall have been deemed to have purchased from the Issuing Lender a participation in the related Letter of Credit Obligations equal to such Lender’s Revolving Pro Rata Share at such date and such sale and purchase shall otherwise be in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  The Issuing Lender shall promptly notify each such participant Lender by facsimile, telephone, or electronic mail (PDF) of each Letter of Credit issued or increased and the actual dollar amount of such Lender’s participation in such Letter of Credit.
(i) On the Closing Date for each holder of an Outstanding Warrant that delivers a duly executed Warrant Surrender Agreement to Parent prior to the Closing Date and (ii) within three (3) Business Days following the delivery of a duly executed Warrant Surrender Agreement to Parent for each holder of an outstanding Warrant that delivers a duly executed Warrant Surrender Agreement to Parent after to the Closing Date, Parent shall cause to be paid by the Paying Agent (as defined in Section 1.9(a) ) to each such holder of an Outstanding Warrant the consideration specified in Section 1.6(a) , without interest. For each Effective Time Holder of an Outstanding Warrant who has delivered a Warrant Surrender Agreement to Parent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, such Effective Time Holder shall be entitled to receive a payment equal to his, her or its Pro Rata Share of the Accelerable Escrow Deposit from the Paying Agent at the same time as payment in respect of the shares of Company Capital Stock subject to his, her or its Company Warrant pursuant to this Section 1.6 and Section 1.9 . For each Effective Time Holder of an Outstanding Warrant who delivers a Warrant Surrender Agreement to Parent later than the third (3 rd ) Business Day prior to the Closing Date, such Effective Time Holder shall be entitled to receive, upon the later of the date on which such Effective Time Holder delivers a Warrant Surrender Agreement to Parent and the date on which such Effective Time Holder is entitled to receive payment for the shares of Company Capital Stock subject to his, her or its Company Warrant pursuant to Section 1.9 , payment of an amount equal to the difference of (i) his, her or its Pro Rata Share of the Accelerable Escrow Deposit minus (ii) such Effective Time Holder’s Pro Rata Share of (x) any amounts previously released to the Parent Indemnitees from the Accelerable Escrow and (y) any Accelerable Escrow Continuing Claims.
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument .  Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.
The Parties hereby irrevocably waive any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement.
The Parent will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority (including without limitation Environmental Laws), and all agreements and other contractual instruments, applicable to it or its property, in each case except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or herein, this Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions of any state, and in accordance with applicable federal laws of the United States. The Company and the Participant agree that any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be resolved only in a state or federal court sitting in Fulton County, Georgia, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any such dispute. The Company and the Participant consent to personal jurisdiction and waive any objection to jurisdiction or venue in any such court.
Seller has delivered to TJC the financial statements for the Subject Franchises as of and for the calendar years 2013 and 2014 and for the first six (6) months of 2015 (collectively, the “ Financial Statements ”). The Financial Statements fairly present and will fairly present the financial position and results of operations of the Subject Franchises as of and for the periods presented and are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Purchaser and, in consideration of and in express reliance upon the representations, warranties, covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser, agrees to purchase the Initial Note for a minimum purchase price of $2,500,000 (the " Minimum Purchase Price "). During the Investment Period, the Purchaser may invest up to an additional $2,500,000 for a total aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 (the " Maximum Purchase Price "). Subject to all conditions to closing being satisfied or waived, the Initial Closing of the purchase and sale of the Note, at the Minimum Purchase Price, shall take place at the offices of Hunter Taubman Fischer LLC (the " Initial Closing ") at 5:00 pm (EDT) (or at such earlier time agreed to by the Company and Purchaser) on June 10, 2016 (the " Initial Closing Date ") which can be further extended up to thirty (30) days by the mutual agreement of the Company and the Purchaser. During the Investment Period, the Purchaser shall have the right to invest additional amounts up to the Maximum Purchase Price and, the Company and the Purchaser may hold additional closings up to the Maximum Purchase Price (each, a " Closing " and upon investment of the Maximum Purchase Price or expiration of the Investment Period, the " Final Closing "). At each Closing (each a " Closing Date "), the Purchaser shall pay the additional purchase price to be invested and tender the Initial Note or any subsequently issued Note for a new Note at each such Closing that represents the full amount invested by the Purchaser up to the date of such Closing.
Grantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers and consents set forth herein are made after consultation with legal counsel and with full knowledge of their significance and consequences, with the understanding that events giving rise to any defense or right waived may diminish, destroy or otherwise adversely affect rights which Grantor otherwise may have against any other Person, Secured Party or others, or against Collateral, and that, under the circumstances, the waivers and consents herein given are reasonable and not contrary to public policy or Law. If any of the waivers or consents herein are determined to be contrary to any applicable Law or public policy, such waivers and consents shall be effective to the maximum extent permitted by Law.
The Board shall have complete power and authority to amend the Plan at any time; provided, however, that the Board shall not, without the requisite affirmative approval of stockholders of the Company, make any amendment which requires stockholder approval under the Code or under any other applicable law or rule of any stock exchange which lists Common Stock or Company Voting Securities.  No termination or amendment of the Plan may, without the consent of the Participant to whom any Award shall theretofore have been granted under the Plan, adversely affect the right of such individual under such Award.
Optionee expressly agrees that the Company will be irreparably damaged if the provisions of this Option Agreement and the Plan are not specifically enforced. Upon a breach or threatened breach of the terms, covenants and/or conditions of this Option Agreement or the Plan by the Optionee, the Company will, in addition to all other remedies, be entitled to a temporary or permanent injunction, without showing any actual damage, and/or decree for specific performance, in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof. The Administrator has the power to determine what constitutes a breach or threatened breach of this Option Agreement or the Plan. The Administrator’s determinations will be final and conclusive and binding upon the Optionee.
Executive understands and agrees that as of the Transition Period Commencement Date he shall not make any false, disparaging or derogatory statements to any media outlet, industry group, financial institution or current or former employee, consultant, client, customer of the Company or other person or entity regarding the Company or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives or about the Company’s business affairs and financial condition. The Company agrees as of the Transition Period Commencement Date to refrain from making any disparaging statements about Executive. Executive understands that the Company’s obligations under this paragraph extend only to the Company’s current executive officers and members of its Board of Directors and only for so long as each officer or member is an employee or director of the Company.
In addition to their other obligations under this Agreement, the Borrowers hereby agree to protect, indemnify, pay and hold the LC Issuer harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements) that the LC Issuer may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of (A) the issuance of any Letter of Credit or (B) the failure of the LC Issuer to honor a drawing under a Letter of Credit as a result of any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or Governmental Authority (all such acts or omissions, herein called “ Government Acts ”).  As between the Borrowers and the LC Issuer, the Borrowers shall assume all risks of the acts, omissions or misuse of any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof.  In the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, the LC Issuer shall not be responsible for:  (A) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for and issuance of any Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged; (B) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, that may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (C) failure of the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit to comply fully with conditions required in order to draw upon a Letter of Credit; (D) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher; (E) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (F) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under a Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; and (G) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of the LC Issuer, including, without limitation, any Government Acts.  None of the above shall affect, impair, or prevent the vesting of the LC Issuer’s rights or powers hereunder.
Each Borrower shall keep accurate and complete records, in all material respects, of its Accounts, including all payments and collections thereon, and shall submit to Lender sales, collection, reconciliation and other reports in form satisfactory to Lender, on such periodic basis as Lender may request in the exercise of its good faith credit judgment. Each Borrower shall also provide to Lender, on or before the 15th day of each month, a detailed aged trial balance of all Accounts as of the end of the preceding month, specifying each Account’s Account Debtor name, amount, invoice date and due date, showing any discount, allowance, credit, authorized return or dispute, and including such proof of delivery, copies of invoices and invoice registers, copies of related documents, repayment histories, status reports and other information as Lender may reasonably request; provided however , during any Trigger Period, Borrowers shall deliver such information biweekly to Lender. If Accounts in an aggregate face amount of $25,000 or more cease to be Eligible Accounts (and such Accounts were reflected as Eligible Accounts on the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate), Borrowers shall notify Lender of such occurrence promptly after any Borrower has knowledge thereof.
Venaxis has made available to Biomark (a) a true and complete list of all current policies or binders of fire, liability, product liability, umbrella liability, real and personal property, workers' compensation, vehicular, fiduciary liability and other casualty and property insurance maintained by Venaxis or its Affiliates and relating to its business (collectively, the " Venaxis Insurance Policies "); and (b) a list of all pending claims and a five-year claims history for Venaxis.  There are no claims pending under any such Venaxis Insurance Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or in respect of which there is an outstanding reservation of rights.  Neither Venaxis nor any of its Affiliates has received any written notice of cancellation of, premium increase with respect to, or alteration of coverage under, any of such Venaxis Insurance Policies.  All premiums due on such Venaxis Insurance Policies have either been paid or, if not yet due, accrued.  All such Venaxis Insurance Policies (i) are in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with their terms; (ii) to Venaxis' Knowledge, are provided by carriers who are financially solvent; and (iii) have not been subject to any lapse in coverage.  None of Venaxis or any of its Affiliates is in default under, or has otherwise failed to comply with, in any material respect, any provision contained in any such Venaxis Insurance Policy.  True and complete copies of the Venaxis Insurance Policies have been made available to Biomark.
Articles IV, VI and VIII and Sections 3.7, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 7.5, 9.1, 9.2, 9.4, 9.9, 9.10 and 9.12 hereof (and related definitions) shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason.  In addition, any other provision required to interpret and enforce the Parties’ rights and obligations under this Agreement shall also survive, but only to the extent required for the observation and performance of the aforementioned surviving portions of this Agreement.
The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing as a foreign corporation in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its businesses requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, properties, business or prospects of the Company taken as a whole (a “ Material Adverse Effect ”). The Company has all power and authority necessary to own or hold its properties and to conduct the businesses in which it is engaged as described in the Company SEC Documents. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed on Schedule C hereto (“ Subsidiaries ”).
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all material laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with  Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder may be assigned (other than by operation of law), in whole or in part, by a party without the prior written consent of the other party.
Each Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans only as provided in Section 8.08 .
As of the date hereof, you will serve as Chief Financial Officer (or such other position as may be assigned by the President of the Company (the “ President ”), the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (“ CEO ”) or the Board of Directors of the Company (the “ Board ”)). You will have the duties and authority as determined from time to time by the President, the CEO or the Board. While employed by the Company, you will devote your full business time and best efforts to the performance of your duties hereunder and the business and affairs of the Company and will not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the rendition of such services to the Company, without the Board’s prior written consent. While employed by the Company, you will be expected to primarily work from the Company’s office in Indianapolis, IN.
This Consent shall be a contract made under and governed by the internal laws of the State of New York. The choice of law and venue and jury trial waiver provisions set forth in Section 12 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall apply in all respects to this Consent.
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the obligations hereunder shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are consummated.
Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement of Definitions, dated as of September 21, 2016, by and among the Issuing Entity, NILT Trust, a Delaware statutory trust, as grantor and initial beneficiary (in such capacity, the “Grantor” and the “UTI Beneficiary,” respectively), Nissan-Infiniti LT, a Delaware statutory trust (the “ Titling Trust ”), Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, a California corporation (“ NMAC ”), in its individual capacity, as servicer and as administrative agent (in such capacity, the “ Servicer ” and the “ Administrative Agent ,” respectively), NALL II, NILT, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as trustee to the Titling Trust (the “ Titling Trustee ”), Wilmington Trust, as Owner Trustee, Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware corporation with trust powers, as Delaware trustee (in such capacity, the “ Delaware Trustee ”), U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association (“ U.S. Bank ”), as trust agent (in such capacity, the “ Trust Agent ”), and U.S. Bank, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the “ Indenture Trustee ”).
The Company has employed Employee, and the Company hereby continues to employ Employee and Employee hereby accepts such employment upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Promptly upon any officer of Borrower obtaining knowledge of any condition or event that constitutes an Event of Default, Borrower shall notify Lender of such Event of Default.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d)  of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Each Credit Party agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, each LC Issuer, each Lender (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Lender that has assigned its interests hereunder), and their respective Related Parties (collectively, the “ Indemnitees ”) from and hold each of them harmless against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses reasonably incurred by any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to, or by reason of (i) any investigation, litigation or other proceeding (whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto) related to the entering into and/or performance of any Loan Document or the use of the proceeds of any Loans hereunder or the consummation of any transactions contemplated in any Loan Document, other than any such investigation, litigation or proceeding arising out of transactions solely between any of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent, transactions solely involving the assignment by a Lender of all or a portion of its Loans and Commitments, or the granting of participations therein, as provided in this Agreement, or arising solely out of any examination of a Lender by any regulatory or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it that is not in any way related to the entering into and/or performance of any Loan Document, or (ii) the actual or alleged presence of Hazardous Materials in the air, surface water or groundwater or on the surface or subsurface of any Real Property owned, leased or at any time operated by the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries, the release, generation, storage, transportation, handling or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any location, whether or not owned or operated by the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries, if the Borrower or any such Subsidiary could have or is alleged to have any responsibility in respect thereof, the non-compliance of any such Real Property with foreign, federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances (including applicable permits thereunder) applicable thereto, or any Environmental Claim asserted against any Credit Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries, in respect of any such Real Property, including, in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, without limitation, the reasonable documented fees and disbursements of counsel incurred in connection with any such investigation, litigation or other proceeding (but excluding any such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses of any Indemnitee to the extent incurred by reason of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, in each case, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay or hold harmless any Person set forth in the preceding sentence may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, each Credit Party shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the indemnified liabilities that is permissible under applicable law.
Subject to Section 5.13 of the Notes Collateral Agreement, upon the Termination Date, the security interest granted herein shall terminate and the Notes Collateral Agent shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the Grantors all instruments in writing in recordable form to evidence and release the collateral pledge, grant, assignment, lien and security interest in the Patent Collateral under this Agreement.
The Company and the Holder each expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 24 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under § 7501, et seq. of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules (“ CPLR ”) and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to CPLR § 7503(a) in order to compel compliance with this Section 24, (ii) a dispute relating to a Conversion Price includes, without limitation, disputes as to whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes an Option or Convertible Security, (iii) the terms of this Note and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment bank’s resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (iv) the Company and the Holder shall each have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 24 to any state or federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 24 and (v) nothing in this Section 24 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 24).
If, in any jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or its application to any Party or circumstance is restricted, prohibited or unenforceable, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such restriction, prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement and without affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or without affecting its application to other Party or circumstances.
The Executive will be entitled to the number of weeks of vacation each fiscal year equal to that of other executive officers of DeVry Group.
This Agreement, the 299 Investment Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreements shall constitute the entire understanding among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding all negotiations, prior discussions and prior agreements and understandings relating to such subject matter, whether oral or written.
Section 3.01(y) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains an accurate and complete list of all Intellectual Property owned (in whole or in part), licensed to any extent or used or anticipated to be used in and material to the conduct of the business as currently conducted or proposed to be conducted, whether in the name of the Company, its Subsidiaries, any of its employees or otherwise, that is (i) included in sub-clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the definition of Intellectual Property or (ii) included in sub-clauses (e) and (f) of such definition to the extent such item has been registered or an application for registration has been filed. The Company or a Key Subsidiary owns or has the valid right to use all Intellectual Property that is material to the operation of the business as currently conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company or a Key Subsidiary has secured from all parties (including employees) who have created any portion of, or otherwise have any rights in or to, all Intellectual Property used by the Company or a Key Subsidiary valid and enforceable written assignments of any such work, invention, improvements or other rights to the Company or a Key Subsidiary to the extent necessary to vest valid title to such Intellectual Property in the Company or a Key Subsidiary. Each item constituting part of the Intellectual Property set forth in Section 3.01(y) of the Company Disclosure Letter, to the extent indicated in Section 3.01(y) of the Company Disclosure Letter, is duly registered with, filed in or issued by, as the case may be, the appropriate Authority as indicated in the Company Disclosure Letter and such registrations, filings and issuances remain in full force and effect. The ownership and use of Intellectual Property by the Company and its Subsidiaries do not infringe in any material respect any Intellectual Property right of any Person. No claim, written or oral, has been asserted or, to the Company’s Knowledge, could be asserted which threatens the use of any Intellectual Property by the Company or a Key Subsidiary in a manner consistent with past practice. To the Company’s Knowledge no Person is engaging in any activity that infringes in any material respect upon the Intellectual Property owned by the Company or a Subsidiary or upon the rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries in or to any Intellectual Property.
Each Member hereto shall bear its own expenses, including the fees of any attorneys, accountants, investment bankers or others engaged by such Member, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby except as otherwise expressly provided herein.
Subject to the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in Section 7, the closing (the “ Closing ”), with respect to the transaction contemplated in Section 2 hereof, shall take place at the offices of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., One Financial Center, Boston, Massachusetts 02111. The date and time of the Closing (the “ Closing Date ”) shall be 10:00 a.m., New York time on January 13, 2016 or at such other time and place as the Company and the Investors may agree, including remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures.
This Agreement sets forth an agreement between the Company and Dr. Mark Hochman only with respect to consulting services to be provided and that is herein specified with the Company and supersedes any other oral or written agreement and or understanding relating only to consulting services. This consulting agreement does not set forth to represent an agreement which have been previously set forth and agreed upon in the “TECHNOLOGY SALE AGREEMENT” executed and dated on the 1 st day of January, 2005 between Milestone Scientific Inc. and Mark Hochman and Claudia Hochman.
Debtor shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) in connection with (a) the drafting and execution of the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated therein, (b) any action required in the course of administration of the indebtedness and obligations evidenced by the Loan Documents, and (c) any action in the enforcement of Lender’s rights upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.
(i)   Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with ERISA and Environmental Laws, except to the extent that the failure to so comply would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants that (a) it has the requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this First Amendment, (b) it is duly authorized to, and has been authorized by all necessary action, to execute, deliver and perform this First Amendment, (c) the representations and warranties contained in Article IV of the Loan Agreement and applicable to such Loan Party are true and correct in all material respects (and, to the extent any of such representations and warranties are qualified by materiality in their own right, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of such date (except for those which expressly relate to an earlier date) and (d) no Default or Event of Default exists under the Loan Agreement on and as of the date hereof after giving effect to the amendments contained herein.
This Agreement shall be binding upon each Borrower, the Banks and the Agent and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of each Borrower, the Banks and the Agent and the successors and permitted assigns of the Banks. No Borrower shall assign its rights or duties hereunder without the written consent of the Banks.
Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation nor liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof shall be assignable by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any attempt to assign any right, remedy, obligation or liability hereunder without such consent shall be void, except (i) an assignment, in the case of a merger or consolidation where such Party is not the surviving entity, or a sale of substantially all of its assets, to the entity which is the survivor of such merger or consolidation or the purchaser in such sale; or (ii) an assignment by the Holder to an Affiliate Transferee in accordance with the terms hereof.
The RSUs shall become vested on the dates set forth on the final page of this Agreement, subject to Participant’s continued employment with CEC or one of its Subsidiaries (except as otherwise provided herein or in the Employment Agreement). Upon vesting and settlement, the RSUs shall no longer be subject to the transfer restrictions pursuant to Section 7(a) hereof. If the Employment Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8 thereof, then the RSUs that are unvested as of the date of such termination, shall immediately be forfeited and canceled. Subject to any vesting pursuant to Section 4(b), if the Employment Agreement and/or Participant’s employment thereunder is terminated pursuant to (i) Section 7.1 thereof, then Participant shall be entitled to one year of additional vesting of the RSUs in accordance with and to the extent provided by Section 5.1 of the Employment Agreement, subject to satisfaction of the “Release Condition” as defined in the Employment Agreement, (ii) Section 9 thereof, then Participant shall be entitled to one year of additional vesting of the RSUs in accordance with and to the extent provided by Section 5.1 of the Employment Agreement, or (iii) Section 10 thereof, then Participant shall be entitled to one year of additional vesting of the RSUs in accordance with and to the extent provided by Section 5.1 of the Employment Agreement, subject to satisfaction of the Release Condition.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms or provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the Parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.
All notices, demands, requests, consents or other communications required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the party giving the same and are deemed given or made (a) two (2) days after being mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, (b) when transmitted via facsimile, graphic scanning or other telegraphic communication, (c) when hand delivered, or (d) one (1) day after being sent by overnight delivery service, in each case to the intended recipient as indicated on Exhibit A to this Agreement or to any other address of which prior written notice has been given.
The Committee shall develop a reasonable claims procedure.
DanDrit does not own any capital stock or have any interest of any kind whatsoever in any corporation, partnership, or other form of business organization, except for the ownership of its 97%-owned subsidiary DanDrit Biotech A/S.
As of the Effective Date, neither (a) the Information Memorandum nor (b) any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of any Loan Document or delivered thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading, provided that, with respect to projected financial information, Holdings, the Company and the Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by them to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Effective Date, as of the Effective Date, it being understood that any such projected financial information may vary from actual results and such variations could be material.
The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. The parties intend that each representation, warranty and covenant contained herein will have independent significance. If any party has breached or violated, or if there is an inaccuracy in, any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty, agreement or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which the party has not breached or violated, or in respect of which there is not an inaccuracy, will not detract from or mitigate the fact that the party has breached or violated, or there is an inaccuracy in, the first representation, warranty, agreement or covenant. Provisions in this Agreement relating to jurisdiction, venue, governing law or other aspects of dispute resolution that expressly refer to the negotiation or performance of this Agreement are not intended to alter the application of principles under New York law relating to the construction or interpretation of contracts. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein all references to “$” or “dollars” refer to the lawful money of the U.S.
The termination of Consultant’s engagement hereunder shall not affect the enforceability of Sections 6 or 7.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a Defaulting Lender or a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.
Except as to matters of federal law and the provisions of Section II hereof, this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws rules.
Customer agrees to maintain at all times during the term of this Agreement: (i) Workers’ Compensation Insurance as prescribed by applicable laws of the state(s) with jurisdiction over each of Customer’s employees; and (ii) Commercial General Liability Insurance with a per-occurrence limit of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) (or higher limits as may be required by applicable law) (which coverage can be provided through a combination of primary and umbrella policies), which policy(ies) shall identify CHS as an additional insured party with respect to the operation of the Facility. As to all policies described in this Section V.F., Customer agrees that: (i) it will provide CHS with at least thirty (30) days’ written notice prior to the effective date of cancellation or any material change of any such policy (ies); and (ii) upon any request from CHS, Customer will immediately instruct its insurer(s) to provide CHS with certificates of insurance evidencing coverage that is required by this Section V.F. Customer agrees that the policy limits set forth herein are minimum limits and shall not be construed to limit Customer’s liability.
Beginning on the Effective Date, the Company agrees to pay the Executive a base salary at the annual rate of Two Hundred Ninety-five Thousand Dollars ($295,000). All salary, bonus, or other compensation payable to the Executive shall be subject to the customary withholding, FICA, medical and other tax and other employment taxes and deductions as required by federal, state and local law with respect to compensation paid by an employer to an employee. The Board of Directors and any committees thereof shall perform an annual review of Executive’s salary based on a review of Executive’s performance of his duties and the Company’s other compensation policies.
Except as set forth on Section 4.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, there are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Owned Real Property, whether at law or in equity, whether civil or criminal in nature, by or before any arbitrator, Governmental Authority or other Person, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, are there any investigations relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Owned Real Property pending or threatened by or before any arbitrator, any Governmental Authority or other Person. Section 4.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedules sets forth each Order to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and each of the Company and its Subsidiaries in in compliance in all material respects with each such Order.
The compensation and benefits specified in this Section 3 and in Section 5 of this Agreement shall be in lieu of any and all other compensation and benefits. Payment of all compensation and benefits to Executive specified in this Section 3 and in Section 5 of this Agreement (i) shall be made in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time to the extent the same are consistently applied, including normal payroll practices, and (ii) shall be subject to all legally required and customary withholdings.
Each Lender agrees that (i) any action taken by the Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by such Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (iii) the exercise by the Agent or the Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Secured Parties.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
The representations and warranties made in this Agreement by WPPI and CWI shall not merge into any instrument delivered at the Closing but shall survive Closing for a period of twelve (12) months (the “Survival Period”).
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 and documentation in accordance with Section 2.16(f); provided that (A)only one (1) such fee shall be payable in respect of simultaneous assignments by a Lender and its Approved Funds) and (B) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and thereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the other Agents, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, and by the different parties on separate counterparts each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original but all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement (or of any agreement or document required by this Agreement and any amendment to this Agreement) by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement provided, however, that the telecopy or other electronic image shall be promptly followed by an original if required by the Bank.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by facsimile signature, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement.
If Landlord shall institute proceedings against Tenant and a compromise or settlement thereof shall be made, the same shall not constitute a waiver of any other covenant, condition or agreement herein contained, nor of any of Landlord’s rights hereunder. No waiver by Landlord of any breach shall operate as a waiver of such term, covenant, or condition itself, or of any subsequent breach. No payment of Rent by Tenant or acceptance of Rent by Landlord shall operate as a waiver of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease. No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of a lesser amount than the monthly installment of Rent herein stipulated shall be deemed to be other than a payment on account of the earliest unpaid Rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or communication accompanying a check for the payment of Rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord’s right to recover the balance of such Rent or to pursue any other remedy provided in this Lease. No act, omission, reletting or re-entry by Landlord, and no acceptance by Landlord of keys from Tenant, shall be considered an acceptance of a surrender of the Lease, shall be construed as an actual or constructive eviction of Tenant, or an election on the part of Landlord to terminate this Lease unless a notice of such intention is given to Tenant by Landlord.
The Servicer will deliver each notice or certificate received by it or delivered by it under the Servicing Agreement relating to this Supplement or the 2016-A Reference Pool to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Administrator within five Business Days of receipt or delivery by the Servicer.
Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof, notice of (i) the occurrence of any event that constitutes a Default or Event of Default, which notice shall specify the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof and what action the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries for which it would reasonably be expected that an adverse determination is probable, and that such determination would result in a Material Adverse Effect.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement (including the Waiver and General Release) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other tribunal to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.
On and as of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce any L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following, and to the extent of, (i) the elimination or reduction of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi)), or (ii) the Administrative Agent’s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided that, subject to Section 2.15 the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
The Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, shall have the power and the right to deduct, withhold or collect any amount required by law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising with respect to an Award granted under the Plan.
All federal, state and other material tax returns of the Parent, the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary required by Applicable Law to be filed have been duly filed, and all federal, state and other taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies upon, each Loan Party, each other Subsidiary and their respective properties, income, profits and assets which are due and payable until such tax returns have been paid, except any such nonpayment or non-filing which is at the time permitted under Section 8.6. As of the Agreement Date, no Loan Party (or any of its Subsidiaries) has been notified that any of its United States income tax returns are under audit. All charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Parent, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other governmental charges are in accordance with GAAP.
All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect until the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions.
Section 10.12 of the Credit Agreement is incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis , as if a part hereof.
At all times prior to the Closing Date or the earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the Debtors and the Backstop Participants shall consult with each other prior to issuing any press releases (and provide each other a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such release) or otherwise making public announcements with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No Party shall issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except to the extent the disclosing Party determines it is required to do so by applicable Law, in which case such Party shall use all reasonable efforts to consult with the other Party (or Parties) before issuing any such release or making any such public statement.
Lessee shall reimburse Lessor for Lessor’s reasonable costs and expenses incurred in conjunction with the processing and documentation of any Transfer, including reasonable attorneys’, architects’, engineers’ or other consultants’ fees whether or not such Transfer is actually consummated.
From the Effective Date, the Executive will be entitled to receive a base salary (“ Base Salary” ) at a rate of US$550,000 per annum, payable in accordance with the Company’s payroll practices and applicable law. If the rate of Base Salary per annum paid to Executive is increased during the Term of Employment, such increased rate will thereafter constitute the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement. Base Salary will not be decreased during the Term of Employment without the mutual consent of Executive and the Company.
In addition to the defined terms set forth throughout this Employment Agreement, the capitalized terms set forth on Appendix B shall have the respective meanings set forth thereon and are incorporated by reference into this Employment Agreement.
At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse Buyer in an amount not to exceed $3,000.00 for expenses incurred by them in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other agreements to be executed in connection herewith ("Documents"), including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and consultants' fees and expenses, transfer agent fees, fees for stock quotation services, fees relating to any amendments or modifications of the Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the Documents, fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated by the Documents. The Company's obligation to reimburse Buyer's expenses with respect to this transaction shall be limited to the above identified $3,000.00, which such amount shall be withheld from the proceeds paid to the Company upon the closing of this transaction.
Any notices to be given hereunder by either party to the other may be effected either by personal delivery in writing or by mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, with return receipt requested.
Airborne Global and each Airborne Global Provider agrees to cooperate as reasonably requested at their respective expense with Amazon loss prevention and investigative personnel in the conduct of investigations and preparation of reports related to loss, damage, fraud, shrinkage, mis-delivery, theft and other matters of mutual concern.
Schedule 3.07 sets forth (i) each Group Member and its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of its Equity Interests authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of Equity Interests covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights on the Closing Date. All Equity Interests of each Group Member are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, other than the Equity Interests of the US Borrower, are owned by the US Borrower, directly or indirectly, through Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. Each Loan Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Equity Interests pledged by (or purported to be pledged by) it under the Security Documents, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons (other than Permitted Equity Liens), and, as of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights (including derivatives) to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests (or any economic or voting interests therein).
The Corporation shall at all times during the term of the Option reserve and keep available such number of shares of Common Stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Incentive Stock Option Agreement, shall pay all original issue taxes with respect to the issue of shares pursuant hereto and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Corporation in connection therewith, and will from time to time use its best efforts to comply with all laws and regulations which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, shall be applicable thereto. The Corporation makes no representation or warranty that this Option or shares issued pursuant hereto qualify under any Federal or State law for any special tax treatment. This Option, and the rights granted to the Optionee hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture to the Corporation in accordance with any policy that may hereafter be promulgated by the Corporation to comply with the requirements of Section 10D(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The terms of this Option Agreement shall be construed to conform with, and shall be governed by the provisions of the Plan, as amended, and in the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Incentive Stock Option Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. Any term used herein and not defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan, shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither any Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each party hereto shall bear its own costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions.
All communications and notices hereunder (including communications and notices to the Collateral Agent) shall (except as otherwise permitted or provided herein) be in writing and given as provided in Section 10.01 of the Term Loan Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder to any Subsidiary Loan Party shall be given to it in care of the Company, with such notice to be given as provided in Section 10.01 of the Term Loan Agreement. Any such notice and other communication shall be deemed to be given or made at such time as set forth in the Term Loan Agreement. Any party hereto may change its notice details by notice to the other parties hereto.
This Amendment shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the rules of construction set forth in Sections 1.02 , 1.03 , 1.04 and 1.08 of the Credit Agreement.
Should any legal claim (other than those excepted below) arising out of or in any way relating to this Agreement or Executive's employment or the termination of Executive's employment not be resolved by negotiation or mediation, it shall be subject to binding and final arbitration in Rock Hill, South Carolina, which is in York County. The fees of the arbitrator and any other fees for the administration of the arbitration that would not normally be incurred if the action were brought in a court of law shall be paid by Company.  However, Executive shall be required to pay the amount of those fees equal to that which Executive would have been required to pay to file a lawsuit in court. Any demand for arbitration shall be in writing and must be communicated to the other party prior to the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. Unless otherwise provided herein, the arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures published by the American Arbitration Association. If the arbitrator selected as set forth herein determines that this location constitutes a significant hardship on the Executive and constitutes an impermissible barrier to Executive’s efforts to enforce Executive’s statutory or contractual rights, such arbitration may be conducted in some other place determined to be reasonable by the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall be selected by mutual agreement of the parties. If the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within thirty (30) days after written request for arbitration is made by one party to the controversy, a neutral arbitrator shall be appointed according to the procedures set forth in the American Arbitration Association Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures. In rendering the award, the arbitrator shall have the authority to resolve only the legal dispute between the parties, shall not have the authority to abridge or enlarge substantive rights or remedies available under existing law, and shall determine the rights and obligations of the parties according to the substantive laws of the Applicable State Law and any applicable federal law. In addition, the arbitrator's decision and award shall be in writing and signed by the arbitrator, and accompanied by a concise written explanation of the basis of the award. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator is authorized to award any party a sum deemed proper for the time, expense, and trouble of arbitration, including arbitration fees and attorneys’ fees.
The Property Manager shall promptly handle complaints and requests from tenants, concessionaires and licensees. The Property Manager shall notify the Company promptly of: (A) any notice received by the Property Manager or known to the Property Manager of violation of any governmental requirements (and make recommendations regarding compliance therewith); (B) any notice received by the Property Manager or known to the Property Manager of violation of covenants, conditions and restrictions affecting any Property or noncompliance with loan documents affecting any Property, if any; (C) any fire, accident or other casualty or damage to any Property; (D) any condemnation proceedings, rezoning or other governmental order, lawsuit or threat thereof involving any Property known to the Property Manager; (E) any violations relative to the leasing, use, repair and maintenance of any Property under governmental laws, rules, regulations, ordinances or like provisions known to the Property Manager; or (F) any violation of any insurance requirement of which the Property Manager has actual knowledge. The Property Manager shall promptly deliver to the Company copies of any documentation in its possession relating to such matters. The Property Manager shall keep the Company reasonably informed of the status of the particular matter through the final resolution thereof. In the event the Property Manager becomes aware of any fire or other damage to any Property or violation or alleged violation of laws respecting hazardous materials, the Property Manager shall immediately give telephonic notice thereof to the Company. The Property Manager shall complete all necessary and customary loss reports in connection with any fire or other damage to any Property. The Property Manager shall retain in the records it maintains for each Property copies of all supporting documentation with reference to such notices.
This Agreement contains the complete understanding between the Parties as to the subject matter contained herein, and no other promises or agreements shall be binding unless signed by both an authorized representative of the Employer and Employee. In signing this Agreement, the Parties are not relying on any fact, statement, understanding or assumption not set forth in this Agreement.
This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Required Stockholders, provided, however, that in the event that the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, share exchange or similar business combination transaction in which the Common Stock is converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term “Company” shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term “Registrable Securities” shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Stockholders in connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Stockholders after giving effect to such transaction.
The effective date of your new position will be July 21, 2015.
The Notes, including this Note, may be amended, modified, or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions thereof may be given, if the Maker and the holders of an aggregate majority of the Principal Amount of the Notes then outstanding consent to the amendment; provided, however, that no term of this Note may be amended or waived in such a way as to adversely affect the Holder disproportionately to the holder or holders of any other Notes without the written consent of the Holder and neither the principal balance nor interest rate of this Note may be amended or modified without the consent of the Holder.  Such consent may not be effected orally, but only by a signed statement in writing.  Any such amendment or waiver shall apply to and be binding upon the Holder of this Note, upon each future holder of this Note, and upon the Maker, whether or not this Note shall have been marked to indicate such amendment or waiver.  No such amendment or waiver shall extend to or affect any obligation not expressly amended or waived or impair any right consequent thereon.
In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, stock, or other property), recapitalization, forward or reverse split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, share exchange, liquidation, dissolution or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the Company’s common stock prior to the date shares of the Company’s common stock are issued pursuant to the LTIP such that a substitution or adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of Executive under the LTIP, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust the Target LTIP. For avoidance of doubt, no adjustments shall be made as a result of any regular cash dividend (or stock dividend made in lieu of such regular cash dividend).
You will be eligible to participate in the Company’s employee benefits plans and programs generally available to similarly situated employees at the Company, subject to the eligibility requirements, terms and conditions of such plans and programs. You agree, however, that you will continue to contribute to the cost of your group health coverage on the same basis as you were contributing prior this Letter Agreement becoming effective.
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this First Amendment, including its preamble and recitals , have the meanings provided in the Loan Agreement.
Except in the case of the Mandatory Forum Selection Clause in Section 5.4 above, which clause shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with Florida law, this Agreement shall be delivered and accepted in and shall be deemed to be a contract made under and governed by the internal laws of the State of Nevada, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of such State, without giving effect to the choice of law provisions of such State.
The provisions of this Agreement and the documents attached as exhibits hereto contain the entire agreement among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject transactions contemplated thereby and supersede all prior oral and written agreements and memoranda and undertakings among the Parties hereto with regard to such subject matter.  Each Party hereto hereby acknowledges that any rights under any prior shareholders agreement are hereby waived and relinquished.
The " Term " of this Master Lease is the Initial Term plus all Renewal Terms, to the extent exercised.  The initial term of this Master Lease (the " Initial Term ") shall commence on November 1, 2013 (the " Commencement Date ") and end on October 31, 2028, subject to renewal as set forth in Section 1.4 below.
Owner and Manager shall use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any liens from being filed against the Property as the result of any maintenance, repairs, alterations, improvements, renewals or replacements in, to or of the Property. Both Parties shall cooperate fully in obtaining the release of any such liens.
The Award Notice to which this Award Agreement is a part may be executed in multiple counterparts, including by electronic or facsimile signature, each of which shall be deemed in original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Invoices shall be sent in accordance with Section 26.
EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
None of the execution and delivery by Holdings and the Borrower of this Agreement and by each Loan Party of each other Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party, the consummation by such Loan Party of the Transactions or performance by the Loan Parties of or compliance by the Loan Parties with the terms and conditions hereof or thereof will (a) violate any Requirement of Law applicable to Holdings, the Borrower or any Loan Party, (b) conflict with or result in a breach or default under its charter or Memorandum and Articles of Association or by-laws (or equivalent organizational or governing documents), as applicable, or any AWAC Agreement, (c) conflict with or result (alone or with notice or lapse of time or both) in a breach or default which is material in the context of this Agreement under any material agreement or instrument to which any Loan Party is a party or by which it or any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, may be subject or bound, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment, repurchase or redemption to be made by Holdings, the Borrower or any Loan Party or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation thereunder and (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien prohibited by Section 6.02 upon any property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, by Holdings, the Borrower or any Loan Party.
The December 31, 2015 financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries heretofore delivered to the Lenders were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries at such date and the results of their operations for the period then ended.
This Agreement shall be deemed to be effective as of the date when this Agreement has been signed by the Indemnitee and an authorized officer or director of the Company.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles which would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. No modification of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and executed by the Parties. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless in writing and signed by the Party against whom the waiver is sought to be enforced. Failure of a Party to enforce any right under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of such right or any other rights. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid by any court, the remainder of the Agreement will remain in force and will not be affected. The Restricted Person may not assign any of his rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Buyer. The Buyer may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any affiliate, to any lender as collateral security or to any purchaser of all or any portion of the Business. The language used in this Agreement has been chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction will be applied against any Party. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which taken together will constitute one agreement, and signatures exchanged by facsimile or .pdf will constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) . Except as described on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, or as described on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
At the end of the Term or any early expiration of this Lease, Lessee agrees to cooperate with Lessor in the transfer of the financial responsibility and operations of the Facility to a new operator or operators, including the good faith negotiation, execution, and delivery of such operations transfer agreements, assignment agreements and bills of sale as are reasonably necessary to effect such transfer. In conjunction with such cooperation, Lessee shall take all action reasonably necessary to effect or useful in effecting the transfer to Lessor’s nominee of any certificate of need or license from the Alabama Department of Public Health or other governmental authority regulating the use of the Facility and all service contracts, which, in either case, may be necessary or useful in the operation of the Facility by Lessor’s nominee for the Primary Intended Use.
(a) (i) The fair value of the assets of Holdings , the Borrower and the its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed the debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, of Holdings , the Borrower and the its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis , respectively ; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of Holdings , the Borrower and the its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of Holdings , the Borrower and the its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis , respectively, on their debts and other liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) Holdings , the Borrower and the its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) Holdings , the Borrower and the its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as such businesses are now conducted and are proposed to be conducted.
(a) SA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT. ADDITIONALLY, SA’s LIABILITY RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID TO SA BY CLIENT DURING THE 6-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DISPUTE. (IF FEES HAVE BEEN PAID FOR LESS THAN 6 MONTHS, THEN THE AVERAGE MONTHLY FEES ACTUALLY PAID FOR EACH FULL CALENDAR MONTH WILL BE MULTIPLIED BY 6 TO CALCULATE THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY.) THESE LIMITATIONS APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM IS MADE IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, OR THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT SUCH DAMAGES MAY ARISE. (b) Client is concurrently herewith entering into an Indemnity Agreement (the “ Indemnity Agreement ”) with Ryan Selhorn, who will serve as Client’s chief financial officer in connection with the Services to be provided by SA hereunder. Client shall indemnify and otherwise provide benefits to SA and each of its officers, directors, managers, members, employees, agents, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, the “ SA Indemnitees ”) to the same extent as if each such SA Indemnitee was the “Indemnitee” under the Indemnity Agreement and such SA Indemnitee qualified as an “agent” of Client under the Indemnity Agreement.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on  Schedule 3.1(g) .  The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company's stock option plans and pursuant to the conversion or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act.  No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.  As of the date  hereof, the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors of the Company or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.  There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company's capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company's stockholders.
The Executive agrees and covenants that he will not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning the Company or its businesses, or any of its employees, officers.
Any required notices hereunder shall be given in writing and sent by facsimile or priority mail to the address of each Party below, or to such other address as either Party may substitute by written notice.
Unless otherwise indicated herein, Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Trust Agreement as in effect on the date of execution hereof.
It is intended that the fees paid hereunder shall constitute revenues to Consultant. Consultant shall have full responsibility and the Company shall have no responsibility for satisfying any liability for any federal, state or local income or other taxes required by law to be paid with respect to the fees paid hereunder. The Company may withhold any income or employment taxes required by law to be withheld from payments made hereunder.
All claims relating to or arising out of this Agreement, or the breach thereof, whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise, shall also be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regard to choice of law considerations.
This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.  THE COMPANY AND EACH COMMITMENT LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS COMMITMENT LETTER, THE FEE LETTER, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE USE OF PROCEEDS THEREOF OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY COMMITMENT LENDER IN THE NEGOTIATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.  THE COMPANY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND APPELLATE COURTS THEREOF FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS COMMITMENT LETTER, THE FEE LETTER, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE USE OF PROCEEDS THEREOF, THE TRANSACTIONS AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT.  THE COMPANY AND EACH COMMITMENT LENDER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY OTHER COURTS TO WHOSE JURISDICTION THE COMPANY OR A COMMITMENT LENDER ARE OR MAY BE SUBJECT, BY SUIT UPON JUDGMENT. SERVICE OF ANY PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR DOCUMENT ON THE COMPANY MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL ADDRESSED TO THE COMPANY AT THE ADDRESS APPEARING AT THE BEGINNING OF THIS LETTER FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT PURSUANT TO THIS COMMITMENT LETTER.
All provisions contained in the Plan shall be severable, and in the event that any one or more of them shall be held to be invalid by any competent court, the Plan shall be interpreted as if such invalid provisions were not contained herein.
(a)  Each of the First Lien Secured Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Applicable Authorized Representative to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Applicable Authorized Representative by the terms hereof or thereof, including for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any Grantor to secure any of the First Lien Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Applicable Authorized Representative and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Applicable Authorized Representative pursuant to Section 4.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under any of the First Lien Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Applicable Authorized Representative, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IV and Section 8 of the Credit Agreement and the equivalent provision of any Additional First Lien Document (as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the “Applicable Authorized Representative” named therein) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.
As between the First Lien Secured Parties, the Applicable Authorized Representative, shall have the right to adjust or settle any insurance policy or claim covering or constituting Shared Collateral in the event of any loss thereunder and to approve any award granted in any condemnation or similar proceeding affecting the Shared Collateral.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent applicable, Sections 1, 6 and 8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.
Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein, in the Purchase Agreement, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect as of the date made and the Closing Date.
The Guarantor shall have no further liability or obligation under this Guaranty from and after the earliest of (a) a written agreement between the Guarantor and the Beneficiary terminating the obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty and (b) the termination of the Purchase Agreement in accordance with its terms.
Any number of counterparts of this Amendment may be signed and delivered, each of which will be considered an original and all of which, together, will constitute one and the same instrument.
Except as set forth in the Target Schedule 1.03 , Target does not have any subsidiaries, and does not own, beneficially or of record, any shares of or control any other corporation. For purposes hereinafter, the term “Target” also includes those subsidiaries set forth on the Target Schedules.
Any dispute arising out of or relating to (i) this Agreement or the alleged breach of it, or the making of this Agreement, including claims of fraud in the inducement, or (ii) Employee’s application or candidacy for employment, employment and/or termination of employment with Bio-Techne including, but not limited to, any and all disputes, claims or controversies relating to discrimination, harassment, retaliation, wrongful discharge, and any and all other claims of any type under any federal or state constitution or any federal, state, or local statutory or common law shall be discussed between the disputing Parties in a good faith effort to arrive at a mutual settlement of any such controversy. If, notwithstanding, such dispute cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be settled by binding arbitration. Any request for arbitration must be filed with the American Arbitration Association within ninety (90) days of the events giving rise to the claim. Bio-Techne encourages Employee to consult an attorney regarding the reasonableness of this ninety (90) day filing provision. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator shall be a retired state or federal judge or an attorney who has practiced securities or business litigation for at least 10 years. If the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within 20 days, any Party may request that the chief judge of the District Court for Hennepin County, Minnesota, select an arbitrator. Arbitration will be conducted pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, unless such rules are inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, but without submission of the dispute to such Association. Limited civil discovery shall be permitted for the production of documents and taking of depositions. Unresolved discovery disputes may be brought to the attention of the arbitrator who may dispose of such dispute. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award any remedy or relief that a court of this state could order or grant; provided, however, that punitive or exemplary damages shall not be awarded. The arbitrator may award to the prevailing Party, if any, as determined by the arbitrator, all of its costs and fees, including the arbitrator’s fees, administrative fees, travel expenses, out-of-pocket expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the place of any arbitration proceedings shall be Hennepin County, Minnesota. This agreement to arbitrate does not include worker’s compensation claims, claims for unemployment compensation, or any injunctive or other relief to which the Bio-Techne may be entitled in accordance with the Prior Agreements referred to in Section 4.1 herein.
This Agreement and any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any choice of law principle that would require the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate (or, if the nature of such transaction is such that it is not available on an arm’s-length basis, on terms and conditions that are fair and reasonable); provided that this Section 6.09 shall not prohibit any transaction permitted by Section 6.03(h) or in connection with the Welch Allyn Recapitalization; provided , further , that this Section 6.09 shall not apply to (i) reasonable compensation (including amounts paid pursuant to Plans) and indemnification paid or made available to an officer, director or employee of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for services rendered in that Person’s capacity as an officer, director or employee or the making of any Restricted Payment otherwise permitted by this Agreement, in each case to the extent any such payments are made in accordance with applicable Laws and (ii) the Farm Agreement.  For purposes of this Section 6.09, Affiliate shall not include the Borrower or any wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower.
Beginning on November 1, 2016, and during the term of this Agreement and under the direction of FBR’s President and CEO or his designee(s), Consultant will serve as a retained consultant to FBR’s Executive Committee and/or the CEO and be reasonably available, on an as needed basis, to provide Services to FBR’s Executive Committee and/or CEO.
The Agreement comprises the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by Servicer on the one hand and the Lender on the other hand with respect to the subject matter hereof as of the date hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement between Servicer on the one hand and the Lender on the other hand with respect to such subject matter, superseding all prior oral or written understandings.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived except by a written instrument signed by the party waiving compliance. No waiver by any party hereto of any of the requirements hereof or of any of such party’s rights hereunder shall release the other parties from full performance of their remaining obligations stated herein. No failure to exercise or delay in exercising on the part of any party hereto any right, power or privilege of such party shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege by such party.  This Agreement may not be amended, nor shall any waiver, change, modification, consent or discharge be effected, except by an instrument in writing executed by or on behalf of the party against whom enforcement of any amendment, waiver, change, modification, consent or discharge is sought.
Subject to the provisions of Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement, the Company will pay or cause to be paid to the Executive so long as the Executive is employed hereunder a base salary equal to $800,000 per annum (the “ Base Salary ”). Base Salary may be adjusted to reflect any changes made to the Executive’s Base Salary in the payroll records of the Company and agreed to by the Company and the Executive, and the Executive’s Base Salary, as so adjusted. The timing of payments pursuant to this Section 2(a) will be made on a basis consistent with CBRE’s general payroll practices.
Subject to Section 11A, the Co-Tenants must unanimously approve any sale or exchange of the Property; provided, however each of the Co-Tenants reserve the right to transfer or assign its own interest in the Property subject to the rights of the other Co-Tenants set forth in Section 15 E.
With exception of the Certificate of Designation, the Series D-2 Certificate of Designation and the Series D-3 Certificate of Designation, which shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.9, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
Effective as of the Effective Date but subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Article III below, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders agree that the Aggregate Commitment is hereby permanently reduced from $250,000,000 to $150,000,000. All provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are hereby amended to give effect to such reduction, notwithstanding any notice requirements in respect thereof. Each Lender’s Commitment shall be reduced ratably as a result of such permanent reduction in the Aggregate Commitment.
The Company does not own, license or otherwise have any right, title or interest in any intellectual property.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) .  The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act.  No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary.  The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.   All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  Other than as set forth in Section 3.1(e), no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.  There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
BioScrip agrees to employ Executive and Executive hereby accepts such employment, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, for the period beginning on September 9, 2016 (“ Start Date ”) and ending as provided in Section 2.4 of this Agreement (“ Employment Period ”).
Except as otherwise provided herein, the vesting schedule of any Award of Performance Shares, Performance Stock Units, Dividend Equivalents, Stock Payments, Deferred Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock-Based Award shall be set by the Committee in its discretion.
During the Term, the Company shall provide the Employee at the Company’s expense, with all benefits currently in place or subsequently established by the Company for its employees in the United States. Employee shall be entitled to (i) paid vacation in each calendar year, and (ii) paid days off for illness, religious observance and personal reasons (which shall, in any event, be at least three days), all in accordance with the Company’s policy in effect from time to time. The timing of such vacation and personal days shall be scheduled in a reasonable manner by Employee and shall not interfere with the operations of the Company.
Tenant shall fail to discharge or otherwise obtain the release of any lien placed upon the Premises in violation of this Lease within 15 days after written notice from Landlord.
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Grantee or the Company to the Committee for review.
The Borrowers shall, and shall cause Guarantor and Subservicer to keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition. The Borrowers shall and shall cause Subservicer to maintain a fidelity bond and be covered by insurance (including, without limitation, errors and omissions insurance) of the kinds and in the amounts customarily maintained by such similarly situated entities in the same jurisdiction and industry as the Borrowers, in amounts acceptable to the Agencies, and no Borrower or Subservicer shall reduce such coverage without the written consent of Lender, and shall also maintain such other insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, and with respect to property and risks of a character usually maintained by entities engaged in the same or similar business similarly situated, against loss, damage and liability of the kinds and in the amounts customarily maintained by such entities.
No termination or expiration of this Agreement or any Work Order for any reason will relieve any Party of any liability or obligation to the extent accrued prior to such termination or expiration. The following provisions will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement under any circumstance: Reports, Audits and Record Retention ( Section 2.17 ), Term and Termination (this Section 4 ), Representations and Warranties ( Section 5 ), Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights ( Section 6 ), Defense/Indemnity ( Section 7 ), Loss or Damage to Goods ( Section 8 ), Insurance ( Section 9 ), Taxes ( Section 11 ), General ( Section 13 ).
Each Member’s interest in the Company, including such Member’s interest, if any, in the capital, income, gains, losses, deductions and expenses of the Company shall be represented by units of limited liability company interest (each a “ Unit ”).  As of the Effective Date, the Company shall have two authorized classes of Units, consisting of units of limited liability company interest denominated as “Common Units” and “Series A Preferred Units.”  All Common Units shall have identical rights and privileges in all respects, and all Series A Preferred Units shall have identical rights and privileges in all respects.  The Company shall have the authority to issue an unlimited number of Units. The ownership by a Unitholder of Units shall invest such Unitholder with the Economic Interest therein (except to the extent Transferred to an Assignee).  For purposes of this Agreement, Units held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed not to be outstanding.  The Company may issue fractional Units, and all Units shall be rounded to the fourth decimal place.
Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet or oral description from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland. The provisions of this Agreement are to be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect or impair the remaining provisions which shall continue in full force and effect.
The Company shall reimburse all legal fees and related expenses (including the costs of experts, evidence and counsel) reasonably and in good faith incurred by a Participant if the Participant prevails on a material issue with respect to his or her claim for relief in an action by the Participant to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided by this Plan.  If a Participant is entitled to recover fees and expenses under this Section 10.1, the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made within 10 business days after delivery of the Participant's respective written requests for payment accompanied with such evidence of fees and expenses incurred as the Company reasonably may require, but in no event later than March 15 of the year after the year in which such rights are established.
The registration rights provided to the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, and the Company’s obligation to keep the Registration Statements effective, shall terminate at the end of the Effectiveness Period hereinafter defined. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 3(d), Section 6, Section 8, Section 9 and Section 11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Tenant’s indemnity of Landlord as set forth in the Lease shall also apply with respect to any and all costs, losses, damages, injuries and liabilities related in any way to any act or omission of Tenant or Tenant’s Parties, or any one directly or indirectly employed by any of them, or in connection with Tenant’s non-payment of any amount arising out of the Tenant Improvements and/or Tenant’s disapproval of all or any portion of any request for payment.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Section 5, the Holder may transfer, with or without consideration, this Warrant or any of the Warrant Shares (or a portion thereof) to the Holder’s Affiliates (as such term is defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act) without obtaining the opinion from counsel that may be required by Section 5(c)(ii), provided, that the Holder delivers to the Company and its counsel certification, documentation, and other assurances reasonably required by the Company’s counsel to enable the Company’s counsel to render an opinion to the Company’s Transfer Agent that such transfer does not violate applicable securities laws.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties named herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder (by operation of law, merger or otherwise) without the prior written approval of the other party; provided , however , that Buyer may assign any or all of its rights and interests hereunder to one or more of its Affiliates or to a purchaser of substantially all the assets of Buyer.
Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and appropriate travel, entertainment, and other expenses incurred by Executive while employed (in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company for its executive officers) in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; provided that Executive properly accounts for such expenses in accordance with Company policies and procedures. The Executive shall be responsible for any unreasonable or inappropriate expenses incurred in violation of Company policies and procedures.
This Agreement shall terminate automatically, without any notice or other action by any Person, upon the first to occur of (a) the valid termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (b) the Effective Time, (c) the acceptance for payment by Purchaser of all of the Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn, (d) upon mutual written consent of the parties to terminate this Agreement, and (e) the date of any modification, waiver or amendment of the Merger Agreement in a manner that reduces the amount or changes the form of consideration payable thereunder to such Stockholder (the date of termination with respect to any Stockholder being referred to herein as the “ Termination Date ”). Upon termination of this Agreement, no party shall have any further obligations or liabilities under this Agreement; provided, however, that (x) nothing set forth in this Section 5.2 shall relieve any party from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement prior to termination hereof, (y) the provisions of this Article V (excluding Section 5.14 ) shall survive any termination of this Agreement, and (z) the provisions of Section 4.5 shall survive any termination of the date hereof in the event the Offer has been consummated.
This Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force and effect in the event that any of the conditions in paragraph 1(b) of this Agreement is not satisfied.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not specifically defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Plan.  In the event of any inconsistency between the Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. The terms of the Plan are incorporated into this Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units are subject to the provisions of the Plan.
Unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are provided in the Facility Agreement shall have such meanings when used in this Amendment.
The number and class of securities subject to an Award shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5.7 of the Plan. In the event of a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, Awards shall be subject to the terms of Section 5.8 of the Plan, as determined by the Committee. The decision of the Committee regarding any such adjustment, Change in Control and/or Corporate Transaction shall be final, binding and conclusive.
Titan will pay or reimburse Executive for any expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by him in furtherance of his duties hereunder, including, without limitation, expenses for entertainment, travel (including automobile operating expenses), meals, hotel accommodations and other ordinary and necessary activities incurred on behalf of the Company, subject to reasonable documentation of such expenses by the Executive. Such payment or reimbursement shall be made by the Company to the Executive within a reasonable time in accordance with the Company’s standard procedures. Any expenses which have not yet been reimbursed to Executive upon his separation or termination of employment for any reason hereunder, shall be paid to him or his estate in the case of his death within thirty (30) days of his termination or separation of employment with Titan.
This Agreement and the other Credit Documents (unless otherwise expressly provided therein) shall be deemed a contract under, and shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such state, including without regard to conflicts of laws principles (other than Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York). Each Letter of Credit shall be governed by either (i) the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600, or (ii) the International Standby Practices (ISP98), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590, in either case, including any subsequent revisions thereof approved by a Congress of the International Chamber of Commerce.
Any amendment to this Agreement shall be made in writing and signed by both the parties hereto.
During the Employment Period the Executive shall serve as the Executive Vice Chairman of the Company and as a member of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) with such authority, duties, powers and responsibilities as are normally attributable to such positions and with such other duties and responsibilities as may be from time to time reasonably assigned to the Executive by the Board.
No member of the Committee shall be liable for any action, omission, or determination made in good faith. The Company shall indemnify (to the extent permitted under Delaware law) and hold harmless each member of the Committee and each other director or employee of the Company to whom any duty or power relating to the administration or interpretation of the Plan has been delegated against any cost or expense (including counsel fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the approval of the Committee) arising out of any action, omission or determination relating to the Plan, unless, in either case, such action, omission or determination was taken or made by such member, director or employee in bad faith and without reasonable belief that it was in the best interests of the Company. The determination, interpretations and other actions of the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes and on all persons.
All of Borrower’s obligations under this Section 2.5 shall survive termination of the Agreement, and repayment of the Loans hereunder.
BORROWERS AND LENDER EACH HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. BORROWERS AND LENDER REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.
All notices, demands, requests or other communications given under this Agreement shall be in writing and be given by personal delivery, certified mail, return receipt requested, or nationally recognized overnight courier service to the address set forth below or as may subsequently in writing be requested.
On the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions and the other transactions related thereto, Parent and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.
During and after your employment with Artisan, you agree that you will reasonably cooperate with Artisan and its representatives in connection with any action, investigation, proceeding, litigation or otherwise with regard to matters of which you have knowledge as a result of your employment. Artisan will use its reasonable business efforts, whenever possible, to provide you with reasonable advance notice of its need for assistance and will attempt to coordinate with you the time and place at which such assistance is provided to minimize the impact of such assistance on any other material and pre-scheduled business commitment that you may have. The Artisan Group will reimburse you for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation.
While he is an employee of the Company, Employee shall be entitled paid vacation that accrues at a rate of 1.66 days for each month worked (20 days per calendar year). Employee shall have the right to carryover unused vacation from one calendar year to the next, to the extent permitted by the Company’s policy from time to time in effect, up to a maximum of 10 carryover days.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior written agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings and all prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and, as applicable, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature under or by reason of this Agreement, except that Merger Sub and Merger LLC shall be express third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Any and all notices (with the exception of Transaction Notices, which shall be delivered via facsimile only), statements, demands or other communications hereunder may be given by a party to the other by mail, email, facsimile, messenger or otherwise to the address specified below, or so sent to such party at any other place specified in a notice of change of address hereafter received by the other.  All notices, demands and requests hereunder may be made orally, to be confirmed promptly in writing, or by other communication as specified in the preceding sentence.
Risks of loss for any Parcel shipped to the Buyer hereunder shall pass to the Buyer as such Concentrates pass over ship’s rail at the Port of Loading. Title to any Parcel shipped to the Buyer shall pass from the Seller to the Buyer as that Parcel has been loaded on to the performing vessel at the Port of Loading as per Incoterms, 2010, or in the event the Seller exercises its Advance Payment Option then title shall pass from Seller to Buyer at the time Seller receives the Advance Provisional Payment.
This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by all parties hereto.
Adient agrees that it shall promptly advise Johnson Controls if Adient becomes aware of any unauthorized third-party use of any Johnson Controls Marks; provided , that the failure to notify Johnson Controls of such use shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement.  Adient shall not take any steps to contact any such third party without Johnson Controls’ prior written permission.  Johnson Controls shall have the sole discretion to determine whether, and in what manner, to respond to any such unauthorized third-party use and shall be exclusively entitled to any remedies, including monetary damages, related thereto or resulting therefrom.  In the event that Johnson Controls decides to initiate any claim against any third party, Adient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate, in good faith, with Johnson Controls (including by assisting Johnson Controls to claim that the Johnson Controls Marks are famous or distinctive in Johnson Controls’ territory, based upon use in Adient’s territory) at Johnson Controls’ cost and expense.
Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Employee from any liability related to any credit cards, or similar financial agreements that include Employee as an account holder or joint account holder (this includes a negative impact to Employee’s credit rating as a result of misuse or nonpayment of any of these items for which Employee is an account holder or joint account holder), except for any expenses or charges that are not reimbursable expenses under the Company’s policies.
The Borrower and the Guarantors will and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, cooperate with the Agent and the Lenders and execute such further instruments and documents as the Lenders or the Agent shall reasonably request to carry out to their satisfaction the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchaser’s representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.
The Borrower may, upon three (3) Business Days’ notice in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, and upon same-day notice in the case of Base Rate Loans, prepay Loans on any Business Day; provided that the Borrower pays all Breakage Costs (if any) associated with such prepayment on the date of such prepayment. Prepayments of Eurodollar Rate Loans must be accompanied by a payment of interest on the amount so prepaid. Prepayments of Eurodollar Rate Loans must be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding). Prepayments of Base Rate Loans must be in a principal amount of at least $500,000 or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. The Borrower may, upon three (3) Business Days’ notice, terminate the Commitment hereunder.
If any provision of this Note is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court, all the other provisions of this Note will remain in full force and effect. Borrower and all other makers and indorsers of this Note hereby forever waive presentment, protest, notice of dishonor and notice of non-payment. Borrower also waives all defenses based on suretyship or impairment of collateral. This Note shall bind Borrower and its heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns; provided , however , that Borrower may not assign this Note in whole or in part without Lender’s written consent and Lender at any time may assign this Note in whole or in part.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Company’s business and prior practices or payment by the Company of tax obligations of the directors and officers of the Company under currently outstanding equity incentive awards), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.
Each of such Credit Party and its Subsidiaries has timely filed all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax returns and reports required to be filed by it and has paid all Taxes, assessments, fees and other charges levied upon it or upon its properties that are shown thereon as due and payable, other than (i) those Taxes, assessments, fees and other charges that are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, or (ii) where the failure to file such returns and reports or the failure to pay such Taxes, assessments, fees and other charges could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Such returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects.  There is no ongoing audit or examination or other investigation by any Governmental Authority of the Tax liability of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries the outcome of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There is no unresolved claim by any Governmental Authority concerning the Tax liability of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries for any period for which Tax returns have been or were required to have been filed, other than claims for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP or that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of Shares that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limit in Sections 3 and 5(a) of the Plan.
ALL MATTERS RELATING TO THE INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF.
Performance Guarantor shall keep in full force and effect its existence and rights as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada, and shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Performance Guaranty, the other Transaction Documents and the Support Assets except to the extent the failure to maintain such qualification could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The section headings contained in this Agreement (including, without limitation, section headings and headings in the exhibits and schedules) are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning, construction or interpretation of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Any reference to the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall be a reference to such other gender as is appropriate. References to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa.
In the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, exchange of shares, liquidation, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization or event, or any distribution to Optionees of Common Stock other than a regular cash dividend, the number and class of securities subject to the Option will be equitably adjusted by the Committee, such adjustment to be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. The decision of the Committee regarding any such adjustment is final and binding.
ISA has made no promises to Phillips with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those set forth in this Agreement.
The Borrower will use the proceeds of (a) the Term Loans made on the Effective Date,  together with cash on hand of the Borrower, to finance the Transactions and to pay the Transaction Costs and (b) the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans made after the Effective Date to fund working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes.
This First Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such state.
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of the Policy shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of law.
The employment relationship between you and the Company will be at-will. You and the Company will have the right to terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, and without any liability or obligation except as may be expressly provided herein.
None of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors) that is required to be disclosed and is not disclosed in the SEC Reports, including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, other than for (i) payment of salary, consulting fees or financial advisory fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including restricted stock programs and stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.
You agree to cooperate fully in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought or threatened in the future against or on behalf of the Company about which you have knowledge or were involved by virtue of your employment with the Company, and in any claim or action brought by the Company against any other entity about which you have knowledge or were involved by virtue of your employment with the Company. On or before the Separation Date, you agree to return all of the Company’s property, including your identification badge and any and all keys, passwords, external hard drives, laptops, phones, software, spreadsheets and any other property and/or information that you may have received, created, or accessed as an employee of the Company, including but not limited to any documents or data stored on any Company device or on any personal device. You agree not to retain, and represent that you have returned, any copies of any property, documents, spreadsheets or information, including but not limited to paper documents or items stored in any electronic format, which was made or compiled by you, or made available to you, relating to the Company, its clients or any of them.
(a). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06 , on the Effective Date there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
None of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries (a) is in default under or with respect to the Vodafone Agreement or the Citibank Agreement or (b) is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation (other than any such Contractual Obligation referred to in the foregoing clause (a) or in respect of Indebtedness) that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. On the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, none of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in respect of Indebtedness or purported Indebtedness.
Employee’s employment hereunder shall automatically terminate upon Employee’s death. Upon such event, the Company shall pay to Employee’s designated beneficiary (or, if none, to Employee’s estate) the pro rata portion of Employee’s Base Salary and any other accrued and vested but unpaid compensation through the date of Employee’s death.
The subject headings of the paragraphs of this Note are included for purposes of convenience only, and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions.
No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Guaranty, nor the consent to any departure by Guarantor therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Agent and Guarantor, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on Guarantor in any case shall entitle Guarantor to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances.
Assignments and Assumptions of Contracts from each Seller in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto and by this reference incorporated herein, assigning by quit-claim any and all rights such Seller has under the Contracts from such Seller to Purchaser on the terms set forth therein and without any representation or warranty of any kind (collectively, the “ Assignments of Contracts ”).
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2 nd ) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The respective addresses for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto or as the recipient shall have otherwise provided to the other parties in conformity with this section.
During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in performing services hereunder, including all reasonable expenses of travel and living while away from home, provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Corporation.  The Executive shall travel at the same level provided generally for executives at her level of seniority.
During the Term (as defined below), Executive shall serve the Company as President of the Completion Services division, or in such other capacity as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall determine. Executive shall comply with the policies of the Company as may be in effect from time to time for executive officers, including, without limitation, the Company’s policies regarding confidentiality, ownership of intellectual property, drug testing, discrimination and harassment, and ethical conduct. Executive shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall designate that are consistent with Executive’s position.
The Company is authorized and directed to withhold from payments, distributions or allocations to any Member and to pay over to any Governmental Authority any amount required to be withheld pursuant to the Code or any other Governmental Requirements, including Governmental Requirements relating to money laundering and terrorism, with respect to any payment, distribution or allocation to the Company or such other Member and shall allocate any such amounts to such other Member with respect to which such amount was withheld. All amounts so withheld shall be treated as amounts paid or distributed to such other Member and shall reduce the amount otherwise payable or distributable to such other Member for all purposes of this Agreement.
Seller has good and marketable title to (i) the Patents, including without limitation all rights, title, and interest in the Patents to sue for infringement thereof, and (ii) the Subject technology. The Patents are free and clear of all liens, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances, and restrictions on transfer. There are no actions, suits, claims or proceedings threatened, pending or in progress on the part of any named inventor of the Patents relating in any way to the Patents and Seller has not received notice of (and Seller is not aware of any facts or circumstances which could reasonably be expected to give rise to) any other actions, suits, investigations, claims or proceedings threatened, pending or in progress relating in any way to the Patents. There are no existing contracts, agreements, options, commitments, proposals, bids, offers, or rights with, to, or in any person to acquire any of the Patents.
This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law provisions of any state.
The covenants, agreements and representations and warranties of the Issuers under the Operative Documents shall survive the execution and delivery hereof. All obligations of the Issuers hereunder are joint and several.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopier communication, facsimile transmission or electronic mail) and mailed, telecopied, transmitted or delivered: if to any Obligor, to such Obligor as set forth on Schedule I hereto; if to any Lender, at its address, facsimile number or electronic mail address specified on Schedule 13.03 ; and if to the Administrative Agent, at the Notice Office; if to the Facility Agent, at the Notice Office, if to the Security Agent at 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, Attention: Dusan Lazarov, facsimile number (212) 797-5695; if to the Co-Collateral Agents, at Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, Attention: Dusan Lazarov, facsimile number (212) 797-5695 and Bank of America, N.A., 100 Federal Street, Boston MA 02110, Attention: Christine Hutchinson, facsimile number (617) 434-4131; or, as to any Obligor or the Administrative Agent, the Facility Agent, the Security Agent or any Co-Collateral Agent, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto and, as to each Lender, at such other address, facsimile number or electronic mail address as shall be designated by such Lender in a written notice to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed, telecopied, faxed, mailed electronically or sent by overnight courier, be effective when deposited in the mails or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telecopier or electronic mail, except that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent, the Security Agent and any Co-Collateral Agent, shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent, the Security Agent or such Co‑Collateral Agent, as the case may be.
Any claim or dispute between the Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other agreement between the Parties, Executive’s employment with the Company, or any termination thereof (collectively, “ Covered Claims ”) shall (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 15(e) with respect to certain requests for injunctive relief) be resolved by binding confidential arbitration, to be held in Wilmington, Delaware, before a panel of three arbitrators in accordance with the National Rules for Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association and this Section 29. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Pending the resolution of any Covered Claim, Executive (and his beneficiaries) shall continue to receive all payments and benefits due under this Agreement or otherwise, except to the extent that the arbitrators otherwise provide. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal, tax and accounting fees) incurred by him in any arbitration under this Section 29, to the extent he substantially prevails in any such arbitration.
This Plan shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Covered Executives, their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns.  In the event of a Covered Executive’s death after a Terminating Event but prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due him under this Plan, the Company shall continue such payments to the Covered Executive’s beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to his death (or to his estate, if the Covered Executive fails to make such designation).
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 for each assignment (provided, that only one such fee will be payable in connection with simultaneous assignments to two or more Approved Funds by a Lender), and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations, undertakings, agreements, and arrangements with respect thereto, whether written or oral, including any written offer of employment.
Immediately prior to the Closing, Buyer shall pay, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, (a) the Estimated Purchase Price to an account or accounts designated by Parent, at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date, in writing to Buyer and (b) the Debt Payoff Amount, if any, to the lenders of the Companies and the Subsidiaries in retirement of the related Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the applicable Payoff Letters. All calculations of Indebtedness outstanding as of the Effective Time pursuant to this Article II shall disregard the effect of any payment made or to be made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Ancillary Agreement, any consideration paid by Buyer to Parent or the relevant Seller pursuant to an Ancillary Agreement shall be deemed for all purposes to comprise part of, and not be in addition to, the Purchase Price payable hereunder.
Within five Business Days following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall reimburse the Stockholders, in an amount not to exceed $300,000, for expenses incurred by them in connection with their investment in the Company, including, but not limited to, legal and other advisory costs, proxy solicitation costs, filing costs, and all costs incurred to mail proxy soliciting materials, letters, and press releases to stockholders of the Company, litigation costs, and travel costs.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Illinois.  Each party consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Chicago, Illinois, if applicable, in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
Tenant shall provide to Landlord, within five (5) Business Days after Tenant’s receipt thereof, a copy of any notice, or notification with respect to, (i) any violation of a Legal Requirement relating to Hazardous Substances located in, on, or under the Leased Property or any adjacent property; (ii) any enforcement or other governmental or regulatory action instituted, completed or threatened with respect to the Leased Property; (iii) any claim made or threatened by any Person against Tenant or the Leased Property relating to damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, loss, or injury resulting from or claimed to result from any Hazardous Substance; and (iv) any reports made to any federal, state or local environmental agency arising out of or in connection with the release of any Hazardous Substance in, on, under or removed from the Leased Property, including any complaints, notices, warnings or assertions of violations in connection therewith.
In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention appears, (a) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision, (b) reference to any section means such section hereof, (c) the word “ including ” (and with correlative meaning “ include ”) means including, without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term and (d) where any provision of this Agreement refers to action to be taken by either party, or that such party is prohibited from taking an action, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such party.
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive upon Executive’s death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, “successor” means any person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executive’s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void.
The execution and delivery by Sellers of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which either is a party, the performance by Sellers of their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation of the Transaction does not, require any consent, approval or authorization of, or filing by Sellers with, any governmental authority or any other person, except for the consents, approvals, authorizations, filings or notices disclosed on Schedule 3.6 .
Except as (i) set forth in Schedule 4.3(b)  of the Company Disclosure Letter, (ii) may be required under the Competition Laws set forth in Schedule 4.3(c)  of the Company Disclosure Letter or (iii) would not, if not made or obtained, reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company, no consent of, filing with or notification to any court, Governmental Entity or third party, including a prime contractor or subcontract with respect to a Government Contract, is required to be obtained by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the Transactions.
If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidated provisions shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions of this Agreement, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue to be valid and fully enforceable.
Unless the Grantee makes alternative arrangements satisfactory to the Company to personally remit required withholding amounts, then, as of the date that all or a portion of the Cash Award becomes paid pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof, the Company shall withhold a portion of the Cash Award so paid as required by law to be withheld by the Company in connection with such payment for applicable federal, state, local and foreign taxes of any kind. To the extent taxes are to be withheld upon vesting for purposes of federal FICA, FUTA or Medicare taxes, such withholding shall be taken from other income owed by the Company to the Grantee and the Grantee hereby agrees to such withholding. For all purposes, the amount withheld by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be deemed to have first been paid to the Grantee.
Schedule 5.15 sets forth all the Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower at the Third Amendment Effective Date (after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions), the jurisdiction of their organization and the direct or indirect ownership interest of the Parent Borrower therein.
As used throughout this Agreement, “term” shall include the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, if any.
Each Debtor hereby acknowledges and agrees that there are no defenses, counterclaims, offsets, cross-complaints, claims or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever to or against Lender or the terms and provisions of or the obligations of such Debtor under the Loan Documents and the other agreements, instruments and documents evidencing, securing, governing, guaranteeing or pertaining thereto, and that such Debtor has no right to seek affirmative relief or damages of any kind or nature from Lender.  To the extent any such defenses, counterclaims, offsets, cross-complaints, claims, demands or rights exist, such Debtor hereby waives, and hereby knowingly and voluntarily releases and forever discharges Lender and its predecessors, officers, directors, agents, attorneys, employees, successors and assigns, from all possible claims, demands, actions, causes of action, defenses, counterclaims, offsets, cross-complaints, damages, costs, expenses and liabilities whatsoever, whether known or unknown, such waiver and release being with full knowledge and understanding of the circumstances and effects of such waiver and release and after having consulted legal counsel with respect thereto.
(a) The portion of the Term Loan comprising each Prime Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate.
If any term or condition of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement shall be construed without such term or condition. If at the time of enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope or area restriction of any provision hereof is unreasonable under circumstances now or then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum duration, scope or area reasonable under the circumstances shall be substituted by the court for the stated duration, scope or area.
Borrowers shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such additional action as may be reasonably requested by Agent to effectuate the provisions and purposes of this Amendment No. 3.
The Asset Representations Reviewer owns or has the right to use all software, designs, utilities, tools, models, systems and other methodologies and know how that the Asset Representations Reviewer may use in performing its obligations under this Agreement and such usage shall not infringe upon the rights of any third party or violate any applicable laws.
Upon Executive’s death, the Company will pay or provide to Executive’s surviving spouse, or if none, to Executive’s heirs or devisees, the same compensation and benefits as if Executive was terminated by the Company without cause as set forth in Section 7 (c)(ii) .
No member of the Committee (or an authorized delegate of the Committee), and no officer of Huron or any of the Affiliates, shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such individual or by any other member of the Committee or officer of Huron or any Affiliate in connection with the performance of duties under this Plan, except for such individual’s own willful misconduct or as expressly provided by law (the “Administrative Actions”). Further, the Committee (and all delegates of the Committee), in addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may have as members of the Board of Directors or officers of Huron or an Affiliate, any individual serving as a Committee member (and any authorized delegate) shall be indemnified and held harmless by Huron to the fullest extent allowed by law against all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which they or any of them may be party by reason of any Administrative Action.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterpart   signature pages (including via email in PDF format or other electronic counterpart   signature pages), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together   shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Each of the Revolver Agent and the Term Loan Agent represents and warrants to the other parties hereto that it is authorized under the Original Revolver Credit Agreement and the Original Term Loan Credit Agreement, as the case may be, to enter into this Agreement.
No report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), in each case on or prior to the Closing Date, when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, ( A ) with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by it to be reasonable at the time of preparation, it being understood that projections are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, that no assurance can be given that any particular projection will be realized and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections may differ significantly from the projected results and such differences may be material and that such projections are not a guarantee of future financial performance and ( B ) that no representation is made with respect to information of a general economic or general industry nature.
(a) The Borrower shall make each payment (including principal of or interest on any Borrowing) hereunder and under any other Loan Document without setoff, counterclaim or deduction of any kind not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due in dollars to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, in immediately available funds.
Subject to Section 11.2 . the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, each of which successors and permitted assigns will be deemed to be a Party hereto for all purposes hereof.
The Pledgor shall comply with all applicable Legal Requirements, except such non-compliance as would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Pledgor to perform its obligations hereunder.
Upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter stated, the Company agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive agrees to accept employment by the Company for the term set forth in Section 2 hereof and in the position and with the duties and responsibilities set forth in Section 3 hereof.  Executive warrants that he is under no restriction that would prevent him from entering into this Agreement and from complying with all of its provisions to their fullest extent.
The Lenders shall have received audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent Borrower for 2014 and 2015 and interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Parent Borrower for any subsequent quarterly period completed at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date.
The financial statements and the related notes thereto of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the documents filed by the Company with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder (the “ Exchange Act ”) since January 1, 2016 and prior to the date of this Agreement (the “ Exchange Act Documents ”) complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“ GAAP ”) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby (except as disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents).
This Letter Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
If any provision of this Agreement should be held unenforceable or void, then that provision shall be separated from the remaining provisions and shall not affect the validity of this Agreement except that if the unenforceable or void provision relates to the payment of any monetary sum, then, Lender may, at its option, declare the Secured Indebtedness immediately due and payable but without the payment of any Prepayment Fee.
Indemnitee shall give the Company notice in writing in accordance with Section 14 of this Agreement as soon as practicable of any Claim made against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement.
Except to the extent the failure to be so insured could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are self-insured in a manner permitted under Section 7.06 or otherwise insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and are similarly situated.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of the Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of which as of the date hereof, 295,941,234 shares are issued and outstanding, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred are authorized. All of such outstanding shares have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.
If any provision of this Agreement, as applied to any party or to any circumstance, shall be found by a court to be void, invalid or unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other provision of this Agreement, the application of any such provision in any other circumstance, or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 , there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Borrowers, after due inquiry, threatened in writing against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries for which, either individually or in the aggregate, there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank and a potential Treasury Management Lender) and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Barclays Bank PLC to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and none of the Credit Parties shall have rights as third party beneficiaries of any of such provisions.  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law.  Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.  The Administrative Agent shall also act as the “Collateral Agent” under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank and a potential Treasury Management Lender) and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and such L/C Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Credit Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto.  In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as “Collateral Agent” and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.03(c) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the “Collateral Agent” under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.
Without providing Buyer with not less than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior written notice of such event, Seller will not, nor shall Seller permit any other Seller Party to, enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate unless such transaction is (x) otherwise permitted under the Program Agreements or (y) (A) in the ordinary course of such Seller Party’s business and (B) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Seller Party than it would obtain in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person which is not an Affiliate.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have their respective defined meanings given them in the Pledge Agreement.
The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
All distributions under the Plan shall be subject to Participant satisfying any applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations. The Corporation shall have the power and the right to require Participant to remit to the Corporation or deduct or withhold from all amounts payable to Participant in connection with the RSUs or otherwise, an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable taxes required by law. Further, the Corporation may permit or require Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the tax obligations by withholding Shares that would otherwise be received upon settlement of the RSUs.
Schedule 3.6(b) (i) of the Seller Disclosure Schedules lists all of the Program Patents existing as of the date of this Agreement, setting forth in each case the jurisdictions in which the Program Patents have been filed. Seller is the sole and exclusive owner of, and has good, valid and marketable title to, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), the Program Patents.
(this “ Agreement ”) is entered into as of June 2, 2016, by and among OXFORD FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with an office located at 133 North Fairfax Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 (“ Oxford ”), as collateral agent (in such capacity, “ Collateral Agent ”), the Lenders listed on the signature pages hereto (each a “ Lender ” and collectively, the “ Lenders ”) including Oxford in its capacity as a Lender and SILICON VALLEY BANK, a California corporation with an office located at 3003 Tasman Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054 (“Bank” or “SVB”), immediately prior to the Borrower Change in Name (defined below), MIRAMAR LABS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“ Miramar ”), immediately after the Borrower Change in Name, MIRAMAR TECHOLOGIES, INC. (“ Miramar Technologies ” and, together with Miramar, the “ Borrower ”) with offices located at 2790 Walsh Ave., Santa Clara, CA 95051.
This Second Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Second Amendment by facsimile transmission or PDF attachment to email shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart thereof.
No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.
The Restricted Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Restricted Award may, but need not, be subject to a Restricted Period that specifies a Right of Repurchase in favor of the Company, or forfeiture in the event the consideration was in the form of services, in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Administrator. The Administrator in its discretion may provide for an acceleration of vesting in the terms of any Restricted Award, at any time, including upon a Change in Control. The Administrator in its discretion may grant a Restricted Award that is, in whole or in part, vested upon grant and not subject to a Restricted Period.
Any reference in the Purchase Agreement to "this Agreement" shall hereafter be deemed to refer to the Purchase Agreement as hereby amended. Except as expressly amended herein, the parties hereto hereby agree and acknowledge that all of the terms and provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement remain in full force and effect in all respects.
All capitalized terms contained in this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan unless otherwise defined herein (including Schedule A) or as may be required by the context.
Any work prepared for the Company during the course of the Executive’s employment by the Company that is eligible for copyright, patent and/or trademark protection under the laws of the United States or any other country and any proprietary know-how developed by Executive while rendering services for the Company will vest in the Company. Executive hereby grants, transfers and assigns all right, title and interest in such work and all copyrights, patents and trademarks in such work and all renewals and extensions thereof to the Company, all of which shall be deemed a work for hire for the Company under the U.S. Copyright Act to the fullest extent permitted under the law, and Executive shall provide all assistance reasonably requested by the Company in the establishment, preservation and enforcement of the Company’s copyright, patents and trademarks in such work, such assistance to be provided at the Company’s expense but without any additional compensation to Executive. If the Company cannot, after reasonable effort, secure Executive’s signature on any documents needed to apply for or prosecute any patent, copyright, trademark or other right or protection relating to an invention, whether because of Executive’s physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Executive’s agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on Executive’s behalf and in Executive’s name and stead for the purpose of executing and filing any such application or applications and taking all other lawfully permitted actions to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyrights, trademarks or similar protections thereon, with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive. The provisions of this Section 11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Executive’s employment with the Company.
The Company, Logitech, and the Investors shall each pay their own expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however , that if the Closing is effected, the Company shall reimburse the reasonable and customary documented fees of one counsel for the Investors up to a maximum of $200,000, within thirty (30) days of presentation of a final invoice.
Upon dissolution and termination of the Company, the final distribution of the Company’s assets shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 17.2 .
Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (i) comply with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, except, in each case, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
Use the proceeds of the Term Loans only for the purposes specified in Section 2.5 (it being understood that no Lender Party shall have any obligation to monitor Borrower’s use of the proceeds of the Term Loans).
This Amendment Number Six shall become effective as of June 26, 2015.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. A telecopy or facsimile transmission of a signed counterpart of this Agreement shall be sufficient to bind the party or parties whose signature(s) appear(s) thereon.
This Agreement amends and restates the Credit Agreement dated as of July 15, 2013 as amended prior to the date hereof (the “ Existing Credit Agreement ”), among IHS, the Borrower, the lenders and agents party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. All obligations and liabilities of IHS and the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement remain in full force and effect as amended and restated under this Agreement.
The initial term (the “Initial Term”) of this Agreement shall commence on the Plan Effective Date and end on December 31, 2019. No earlier than ninety (90) days and no later than sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of each of the Initial Term and any Successive Terms (as defined below), the Independent Directors of the Board will undertake a review of the services provided by Advisor during the preceding term and the needs of the Company and decide in their sole discretion, acting by majority, whether to renew this Agreement upon the same terms and subject to the same conditions as set forth herein. The Independent Directors of the Board shall notify Advisor within five (5) business days of its decision. Failure to notify Advisor in writing within such time period that the Independent Directors of the Board elect to renew this Agreement shall result in automatic termination. If the Independent Directors of the Company’s Board decide to renew this Agreement, this Agreement shall be extended for successive one (1) year terms (ending on December 31 of the calendar year) (each one-year period, a “Successive Term”). This Agreement may only be terminated in accordance with this Section 2 .
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.
This Award Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto, and each member of the Company Group, and each of their respective Affiliates, shall have the right to enforce Section 5, Section 6, and Section 8 hereof.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees that Borrower may request the Lenders to submit offers to make loans (each such loan, a “ Bid Loan ”) to Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.03 at any time during the Availability Period so long as the Debt Rating by S&P is at least BBB- or the Debt Rating by Moody’s is at least Baa3; provided , however , that after giving effect to any Bid Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Bid Loans shall not exceed the Bid Loan Sublimit. There shall not be more than five (5) different Interest Periods in effect with respect to Bid Loans at any time.
The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three Business Days’ notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Revolving Commitments of any Class or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Revolving Commitments of any Class ; provided that no such termination or reduction of Revolving Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Loans made on the effective date thereof, the Outstanding Revolving Credits would exceed the Total Revolving Commitments. Any such reduction shall be in an amount equal to an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and shall reduce permanently the Revolving Commitments of such Class then in effect.
All payments of interest and principal shall be in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be applied first to accrued interest, and thereafter to principal. Company may not prepay this Note prior to the Maturity Date without the consent of the Majority Holders (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement). No Notes owned by the Holder can be prepaid without the Holder's consent.
Optionee may exercise this Option by delivering a signed Notice of Exercise in substantially the form attached hereto to the officer of the Company designated in such notice. Such Notice of Exercise shall be accompanied by payment in full of the aggregate purchase price for the Shares as provided in Section 2(c).
At any time or from time to time upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Loan Party will, at its expense, promptly execute, acknowledge and deliver such further documents and do such other acts and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to effect fully the purposes of the Loan Documents.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes, as approved by the Board of Directors.
The Borrower shall not use, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, the proceeds of any Loan in any manner that violates the Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions, if any, applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.
This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules   hereto) and the other agreements to be delivered in connection with the Transactions (as defined in the   Contribution Agreement), including the Contribution Agreement, represent the entire agreement between   the parties hereto and supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings, negotiations, oral or written,   between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. The exhibits and schedules referenced in this   Agreement constitute an integral part of this Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference and made   a part hereof. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, no provision of this Agreement is intended to or   shall confer on any person, other than the parties hereto (and the successors and permitted assignees) any   right under this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Termination Date.
As of March 31, 2016, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 500,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, of which 22,670,217 shares were issued and outstanding and 10,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, none of which were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of March 31, 2016, and exclusive of options outstanding to purchase 5,416,034 shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to the Company’s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, and warrants outstanding to purchase 11,841,231 shares of common stock of the Company, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC filings of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act, other than piggy-back registration rights issued to third parties in conjunction with prior financings, and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities provided that an event of default does not occur as described in Section 3 of the Note. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (“Certificate of Incorporation”), the Company’s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the “By-laws”), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. In addition, there is no agreement or arrangement that has the effect of obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Transfer Agent Instructions to establish rights or otherwise benefit any person in a manner equal to, or more favorable than, the terms hereof or thereof.
Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including ERISA and the USA PATRIOT Act), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that this Section 5.06 shall not apply to Environmental Laws, which are the subject of Section 5.09, or laws related to Taxes, which are the subject of Section 5.03.
Stockholder hereby agrees that Synta and the Company may publish and disclose in the Proxy Statement, any prospectus filed with any regulatory authority in connection with the Merger and any related documents filed with such regulatory authority and as otherwise required by Law, such Stockholder’s identity and ownership of Shares and the nature of such Stockholder’s commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement and may further file this Agreement as an exhibit to the Proxy or prospectus or in any other filing made by Synta or the Company as required by Law or the terms of the Merger Agreement, including with the SEC or other regulatory authority, relating to the Merger.
The provisions of this Section 16 shall survive the Closing without limitation.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether written or oral.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only with the written consent of Executive and the Board of Directors of Company.  No oral waiver, amendment or modification will be effective under any circumstances whatsoever.
Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the state of Delaware as to all matters, including but not limited to matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to the Plan or this Agreement may only be brought and determined in a court sitting in the state of Florida. The Company may require that the action or proceeding be determined in a bench trial.
The Company further represents and warrants to the Lender as follows: (a) the Company is the owner of or has other rights in or power to transfer the Collateral, free from any adverse lien, security interest or other encumbrance, except for the security interest created by this Agreement and other liens permitted by the Credit Agreement, (b) none of the Collateral constitutes, or is the proceeds of, “farm products” as defined in § 9.1-102(a)(34) of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State, (c) none of the account debtors or other persons obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental authority subject to the federal Assignment of Claims Act or like federal, state or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral, (d) the Company holds no commercial tort claim except as indicated on the Perfection Certificate, (e) the Company has at all times operated its business in compliance with all applicable provisions of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended, and with all applicable provisions of federal, state and local statutes and ordinances dealing with the control, shipment, storage or disposal of hazardous materials or substances, and (f) all other information set forth on the Perfection Certificate pertaining to the Collateral is accurate and complete.
Payment of the Purchase Price shall be made on or before June 17, 2016 by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company. Upon receipt of payment the Company will deliver to the Subscriber one or more certificates evidencing the Warrants and instruct its transfer agent to deliver to the Subscriber promptly thereafter one or more certificates evidencing the Shares. The Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if it has not received the Purchase Price by June 17, 2016, in which case this Agreement shall have no further force or effect, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue the Shares or Warrants.
This IP Security Agreement has been entered into in conjunction with the provisions of the Security Agreement. Borrower does hereby acknowledge and confirm that the grant of the security interest hereunder to, and the rights and remedies of, the Lender with respect to the Collateral are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein.
Any and all notices to the Company will be addressed to the Company ’ s Chief Executive Officer at the Company ’ s principal place of business on file with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company to any Investor hereunder will be in writing and delivered personally, by electronic mail or facsimile, sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Investor at the electronic mail, facsimile telephone number or address of such Investor appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such electronic mail, facsimile telephone number or address appears, at the principal place of business of the Investor. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder will be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (1) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail prior to 5:30 p.m. Eastern time, (2) the date after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail later than 5:30 p.m. but prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on such date, (3) the second business day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (4) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given, regardless of how sent.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Notes for purposes of the rules and regulations of any applicable Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.
For purposes of this Agreement, any statement as to any person acting on behalf of the Company or the Guarantors or their respective Affiliates shall be deemed to not include the Initial Purchasers or any person acting on their behalf.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve the Parties of any liability or obligation which accrued hereunder prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration, nor prejudice either Party’s right to obtain performance of any obligation. Each Party shall be free, pursuant to ARTICLE 16, to seek, without restriction as to the number of times it may seek, damages, costs and remedies that may be available to it under Applicable Laws or in equity and shall be entitled to offset the amount of any damages and costs obtained against the other Party in a final determination under Section 16.4, against any amounts otherwise due to such other Party under this Agreement.
Except for Nomura Securities International, Inc., there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary retained by or authorized to act on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries who might be entitled to any fee or commission from the Subscriber or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates upon consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise, by any of the parties without the prior written consent of the other parties; provided , that a Holder may, without the prior written consent of the Company, assign any or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more of its Affiliates pursuant to a Transfer permitted by Section 1.3; provided , further , that any assignment pursuant to the foregoing clause shall not limit or affect such Holder’s obligations under this Agreement as a primary obligor. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any purported assignment not permitted under this Section 2.7 shall be null and void.
The Parent Guarantor and Borrower will not enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of Property or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate (other than the Guarantors and Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower) unless such transactions are otherwise permitted under this Agreement and are upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to it than it would obtain in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.
On the Restatement Effective Date, the Borrower shall pay (i) to the Administrative Agent, for the accounts of the Lenders, the fees payable pursuant to Section 2.5 and the first sentence of Section 3.3 of the Existing Credit Agreement which have accrued for the period from the last date such fees were paid to but excluding the Restatement Effective Date and (ii) for the account of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders entitled thereto, the fees referred to in Section 5.1(h) of the Restated Credit Agreement. The fees described in this Section 7 shall be payable in immediately available funds. Once paid, such fees shall not be refundable under any circumstances.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Pledgor and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Pledgor enforceable against the Pledgor in accordance with its terms, subject to (a) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (b) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (c) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing.
(a)  Any and all notices, demands, consents, approvals, offers, elections and other communications required or permitted under this Guaranty shall be deemed adequately given if in writing and the same shall be delivered either in hand, by facsimile with confirmation of transmission by sender’s machine, or by mail or Federal Express or similar expedited commercial carrier, addressed to the recipient of the notice, postpaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested (if by mail), or with all freight charges prepaid (if by Federal Express or similar carrier).
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.  Except as set forth in Schedule 3(x) , neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that, individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
In consideration of your employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related disputes, and your receipt of the compensation, pay raises, and other benefits paid to you by the Company, at present and in the future, you agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder, or benefit plan of the Company, in their capacity as such or otherwise), arising out of, relating to, or resulting from your employment with the Company or the termination of your employment with the Company, including any breach of this Agreement, shall be subject to binding arbitration under the arbitration provisions set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure sections 1280 through 1294.2, including section 1281.8 (the “ Act ”), and pursuant to California law, and shall be brought in your individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. The Federal Arbitration Act shall continue to apply with full force and effect notwithstanding the application of procedural rules set forth in the Act. Disputes that you agree to arbitrate, and thereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under local, state, or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination, and any statutory or common law claims. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of your rights under section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. You further understand that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with you.
The Administrator will make such provision for the withholding of taxes as it deems necessary. The Administrator may, but need not, hold back shares of Stock from an Award or permit a Participant to tender previously owned shares of Stock in satisfaction of tax-withholding requirements (but not in excess of the minimum withholding required by law or such other amount that may be permitted under current Financial Standards Accounting Board guidance without triggering liability accounting under ASC 718).
If Executive was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved (including involvement as a witness) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a “Proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he is or was an officer or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates, Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than permitted prior thereto), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by Executive in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to Executive if he ceases to be an officer or employee and shall inure to the benefit of Executive's heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that the Company shall indemnify Executive in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by Executive only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the board of directors of the Company. The right to indemnification conferred in this paragraph shall include the obligation of the Company to pay the expenses incurred in defending any such Proceeding in advance of its final disposition (an “Advance of Expenses”); provided, however, that, if and to the extent that the Delaware General Corporation Law requires, an Advance of Expenses incurred by Executive in his capacity as an officer or employee shall be made only upon delivery to the Company of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Executive, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that Executive is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this paragraph or otherwise.
During the continuance of any Event of Default, Administrative Agent may, and, at the request of the Required Lenders, shall, in each case by notice to Borrowers and in addition to any other right or remedy provided under any Loan Document or by any applicable Requirement of Law, do each of the following:  (a) declare all or any portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments terminated, whereupon the Revolving Credit Commitments shall immediately be reduced by such portion or, in the case of a termination in whole, shall terminate together with any obligation any Lender may have hereunder to make any Loan and any L/C Issuer may have hereunder to Issue any Letter of Credit, and (b) declare immediately due and payable all or part of any Obligation (including any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and the Termination Fee), whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties (and, to the extent provided in any other Loan Document, other Loan Parties); provided ,   however , that, effective immediately upon the occurrence of any of the Events of Default specified in Section 9.1(g) or (h) (x) the commitments of each Lender to make Loans and the commitment of each L/C Issuer to Issue Letters of Credit shall automatically be terminated and (y) each Obligation (including in each case any accrued all accrued but unpaid interest thereon) shall each automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice or other requirement of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties (and, to the extent provided in any other Loan Document, any other Loan Party).
Such Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all respects with all Requirements of Law (including all Environmental Laws) applicable in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership and operation of its properties, except to the extent the failure so to comply could not have, or reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.
A condition precedent to the Company’s obligation with respect to the payments associated with a termination without cause (other than the Accrued Obligations) shall be your execution and delivery of a release in the form attached hereto as Annex B, as such form may be revised as required by law, within 60 days following your Effective Termination Date. If you shall fail to timely execute and deliver such release, or if you revoke such release as provided therein, then in lieu of continuing to receive the payments provided for in Section 4.2 or 4.3, as applicable, you shall receive a severance payment determined in accordance with the Company’s policies relating to notice and severance reduced by the aggregate amount of severance payments paid pursuant to this Agreement, if any, prior to the date of your refusal to deliver, or revocation of, such release. Any such severance payments shall be paid in the form of Base Salary continuation payments at the annual rate equal to your Base Salary in effect immediately prior to your notice of termination, and in accordance with Section 4.8, with such amounts paid until your severance benefit has been exhausted. In addition, you and the Company acknowledge and agree that if you execute and return a release and are paid the amounts provided for herein, as applicable, you are not eligible to also receive severance payments under the Company’s severance plan for regular employees.
All notices, demands or requests provided for or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing and shall be delivered or sent, with the copies indicated, by personal delivery, telefax or overnight delivery service to the parties at the addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement (or at such other address as a party may specify by notice given pursuant to this Section). All notices shall be deemed given and received two business days after their delivery to the addresses for the respective party(ies), with the copies indicated, as provided in this Section.
The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings and agreements between the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation, the provisions of any employment agreement or offer letter regarding equity awards to be awarded to Participant by the Company, or any other oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings or agreements by the Company or any of its representatives regarding equity awards to be awarded to Participant by the Company.
The Company shall take all necessary actions and proceedings as may be required by applicable law, rule and regulation, for the legal and valid issuance of the New Note and the Conversion Shares to the Lender.
No Investor, directly or indirectly, and no Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with any Investor, has engaged in any purchases or sales in the securities, including derivatives, of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (a “ Transaction ”) involving any of the Company’s securities) since the time that such Investor was first contacted by the Company, the Agents or any other Person regarding an investment in the Company. Such Investor covenants that neither it nor any Person acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with such Investor will engage, directly or indirectly, in any Transactions in the securities of the Company (including Short Sales) prior to the time the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed.  “Short Sales” include, without limitation, all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, derivatives and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker-dealers or foreign regulated brokers.
All federal, state and other material tax returns of, each Loan Party and each other Material Subsidiary required by Applicable Law, which to the knowledge of Borrower, are to be filed have been duly filed (after taking into account any extensions of time within which to file such tax returns), and all material federal, state and other material taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies upon, each Loan Party and each other Subsidiary and their respective properties, income, profits and assets which are due and payable have been paid, except any such nonpayment or non-filing which is at the time permitted under Section   8.6 . As of the Agreement Date, none of the United States federal income tax returns of any Loan Party or any other Material Subsidiary is under audit.
Tenant shall not, directly or indirectly, create or permit to be created or to remain and will promptly discharge, at its expense, any mortgage, lien, encumbrance or charge on, pledge of, or conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to the Premises or any part thereof or Tenant’s interest therein or the Fixed Rent or Additional Payments payable under this Lease, other than any mortgage, lien, encumbrance or other charge created by or resulting from any act of Landlord. Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed as constituting the consent or request of Landlord, expressed or implied, of any contractor, subcontractor, laborer, material man or vendor to or for the performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials for any construction, alteration, addition, repair or demolition of or to the Premises or any part thereof. Notice is hereby given that Landlord will not be liable for any labor, services or materials furnished or to be furnished to Tenant, or to anyone holding the Premises or any part thereof through or under Tenant, and no mechanics’ or other liens for any such labor, services or materials shall attach to or affect the interest of Landlord in and to the Premises.
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, with the same effect as if both Parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together to constitute one, and the same, document.
Each Party hereto shall bear all expenses incurred by such Party in connection with the Transactions contemplated to be performed before or on the Closing Date .
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an indemnified capacity pertaining to an Indemnifiable Event even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity at the time of any Proceeding.
Except for Batuta Capital Advisors LLC, which was retained by KaloBios and the fees of which will be paid by KaloBios, no broker, investment banker, agent, finder or other intermediary acting on behalf of KaloBios or its Affiliates or under the authority of KaloBios or any Affiliate is or will be entitled to any broker’s or finder’s fee or any other commission or similar fee directly or indirectly in connection with the Contemplated Transactions.
No waiver or course of dealing shall be established by (a) the failure or delay of any Agent or any Lender to require strict performance by Borrowers with any terms of the Loan Documents, or to exercise any rights or remedies with respect to Collateral or otherwise; (b) the making of any Loan or issuance of any Letter of Credit during a Default, Event of Default or other failure to satisfy any conditions precedent; or (c) acceptance by any Agent or any Lender of any payment or performance by an Obligor under any Loan Documents in a manner other than that specified therein.  It is expressly acknowledged by Borrowers that any failure to satisfy a financial covenant on a measurement date shall not be cured or remedied by satisfaction of such covenant on a subsequent date.
Employee has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Employee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents.  Employee understands that he/she (and not the Company) shall be responsible for his/her own tax liability that may arise as a result of the grant of RSUs or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute a fully executed agreement even though all signatures do not appear on the same document. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page by fax or email shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart.
Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the “ SEC Reports ”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension.  As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.   The financial statements of Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.  Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (“ GAAP ”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
Any actual, pending, or threatened litigation including but not limited to such matters as set forth on Schedule 5.1.6 .
This Agreement shall be construed and the respective rights of the Parties determined according to the substantive laws of the State of Delaware notwithstanding any provisions governing conflict of laws under such Delaware law to the contrary and without giving effect to the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, except matters of intellectual property law which shall be determined in accordance with the national intellectual property laws relevant to the intellectual property in question.
In the event there is a change of control, as defined below, of the Company, then the surviving corporation or the acquiring corporation shall assume the Company’s obligations pursuant to this Agreement, including any stock or stock option agreements that Employee has with the Company. In the event any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation refuses to assume such obligations and/or to substitute similar stock awards for those outstanding under any agreement between Employee and the Company, then the Employee shall be entitled to accelerated vesting of all unvested shares subject to such agreements, if any, such that all shares will be vested and fully exercisable as of the date of the Change of Control. Change of Control means: (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; (ii) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity and in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation or merger own less than fifty percent (50%) of the surviving entity’s voting power immediately after the transaction (iii) a reverse merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise, and in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such reverse merger own less than fifty percent (50%) of the Company’s voting power immediately after the transaction; or (iv) an acquisition by any person, entity or group within the meaning of Section 13(d)or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, or any comparable successor provisions (excluding shareholders of the Company with respect to shares and voting power beneficially held by them as of the date of this Agreement, any employee benefit plan, or related trust, sponsored or maintained by the Company or subsidiary of the Company or other entity controlled by the Company) of the beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or comparable successor rule) of securities of the Company representing at least fifty per cent (50%) of the voting power entitled to vote in the election of directors, excluding from such percentage securities beneficially owned by stockholders of the Company immediately prior to and after such event.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original and which, taken together, shall form one and the same agreement. Execution and delivery of this Agreement may be evidenced by faxed or emailed signatures.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement or the terms hereof to produce or account for more than one of such counterparts.
Each Domestic Borrower (on a joint and several basis for itself and all other Loan Parties) and the Foreign Borrower (solely as to itself) hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless the Issuing Lender and any of its Affiliates that has issued a Letter of Credit from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, taxes, penalties, interest, judgments, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel and allocated costs of internal counsel) which the Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, other than as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuing Lender as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
Prior to the Discharge of Priority Lien Obligations, the Priority Lien Agent agrees that if it shall at any time hold a Priority Lien on any Collateral that can be perfected by the possession or control of such Collateral or of any Account in which such Collateral is held, and if such Collateral or any such Account is in fact in the possession or under the control of the Priority Lien Agent, the Priority Lien Agent will serve as gratuitous bailee for the 1.5 Lien Agent for the sole purpose of perfecting the 1.5 Lien of the 1.5 Lien Agent on such Collateral. It is agreed that the obligations of the Priority Lien Agent and the rights of the 1.5 Lien Agent and the other 1.5 Lien Secured Parties in connection with any such bailment arrangement will be in all respects subject to the provisions of Article II . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Priority Lien Agent will be deemed to make no representation as to the adequacy of the steps taken by it to perfect the 1.5 Lien on any such Collateral and shall have no responsibility, duty, obligation or liability to the 1.5 Lien Agent, any other 1.5 Lien Secured Party or any other Person for such perfection or failure to perfect, it being understood that the sole purpose of this Article is to enable the 1.5 Lien Secured Parties to obtain a perfected 1.5 Lien in such Collateral to the extent, if any, that such perfection results from the possession or control of such Collateral or any such Account by the Priority Lien Agent. The Priority Lien Agent acting pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall not have by reason of the Priority Lien Security Documents, the 1.5 Lien Security Documents, this Agreement or any other document or theory, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Priority Lien Secured Party, the 1.5 Lien Agent or any 1.5 Lien Secured Party. Subject to Section 4.03 and Section   5.01(a) , from and after the Discharge of Priority Lien Obligations, the Priority Lien Agent shall take all such actions in its power as shall reasonably be requested by the 1.5 Lien Agent (at the sole cost and expense of the Grantors) to transfer possession or control of such Collateral or any such Account (in each case to the extent the 1.5 Lien Agent has a Lien on such Collateral or Account after giving effect to any prior or concurrent releases of Liens) to the 1.5 Lien Agent for the benefit of all 1.5 Lien Secured Parties.
The Parent will pay and discharge, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all material Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits, or upon any property belonging to it, prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, and all lawful claims which, if unpaid, might become a Lien upon the property of the Parent or such Subsidiary, provided that neither the Parent nor such Subsidiary shall be required to pay any such Tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim the payment of which is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings if it maintains adequate reserves with respect thereto.
The Recipient has the necessary authority and capacity to enter into and perform his obligations under this Agreement.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company will give written notice to the Holder and the Trustee at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. All notices to be provided to the Trustee hereunder shall be delivered to the Trustee by facsimile (303-262-0608) or via hard copy to the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office (as defined in the Indenture) located in Highlands Ranch, Colorado.
T here is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation completed, pending or, to Company’s knowledge, threatened or contemplated against or affecting Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”), which would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or challenge the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the sale, issuance, listing, trading or resale of the Conversion Shares on the Trading Market hereunder. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Act.
The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agent’s fees, financial advisory fees, or broker’s commissions (other than for Persons engaged by any Buyer) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any claim relating to any such payment. Except as otherwise set forth in the Transaction Documents and the Engagement Letter, each party to this Agreement shall bear its own expenses in connection with the sale of the Securities to the Buyers.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that any Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder. The provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 10.04 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
Subject to Sections 3 and 4, in order to vest in the RSUs, the Grantee must continue as an active employee of an Employing Company for three years from the Date of Grant, subject to the Employing Company’s right to terminate the Grantee’s employment at any time for any reason. The RSUs shall vest on the three-year anniversary of the Date of Grant, provided that the Grantee is continuously employed by an Employing Company through such anniversary.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, the Borrower, any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or, solely to the extent that the list of Disqualified Lenders has been provided to the Administrative Agent and posted to the Lenders, to a Disqualified Lender) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans; provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered solely to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.06(b) . To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.11 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the “ Participant Register ”); provided , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in such Lender’s Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement, including payments of interest and principal, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The portion of the Participant Register relating to any Participant requesting payment from the Borrower under the Loan Documents shall be made available to the Borrower upon reasonable request. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have the sole authority, in its discretion, to make all determinations under the Plan, including but not limited to determining which Employees, Directors or Consultants shall receive an Award, the time or times when an Award shall be made (the date of grant of an Award shall be the date on which the Award is awarded by the Committee), what type of Award shall be granted, the term of an Award, the date or dates on which an Award vests (including acceleration of vesting), the form of any payment to be made pursuant to an Award, the terms and conditions of an Award (including the forfeiture of the Award (and/or any financial gain) if the Holder of the Award violates any applicable restrictive covenant thereof), the Restrictions under a Restricted Stock Award and the number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued under an Award, all as applicable. In making such determinations the Committee may take into account the nature of the services rendered by the respective Employees, Directors and Consultants, their present and potential contribution to the Company’s (or the Affiliate’s) success and such other factors as the Committee in its discretion shall deem relevant.
This Supply Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Manufacturer and, assuming due execution and delivery by the Buyer, constitutes a valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Manufacturer in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other Laws relating to creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles. The execution, delivery and performance of this Supply Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Manufacturer and its respective officers and directors.
(a) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance, notice of nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Guaranty and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any other Lender Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any collateral.
Each Loan Party will not use the proceeds of any loan made hereunder for any purpose other than (a) on the Closing Date, to pay the fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, in each case, as set forth in the Funds Flow Agreement, and (b) thereafter, consistent with the terms and conditions hereof, for their lawful and permitted purposes, including, without limitation, for Permitted Acquisitions (including that no part of the proceeds of the loans made to Borrowers will be used to purchase or carry any such Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors).
Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Debenture.
This Agreement shall be interpreted under and governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with, and subject to, the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.  Any disputes between the Parties concerning Jacobs’ employment with the Company and/or this Agreement shall be settled exclusively in Dallas County, Texas. The Parties hereby waive all rights to a jury trial.
Each Pledgor agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of Administrative Agent, each Pledgor will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Pledge Agreement.
Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of Subordinated Notes for general corporate purposes, including loan growth and the provision of additional liquidity and working capital.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) . Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to Lender pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by, at the Company ’ s option, a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to Lender at the address previously provided to the Company in writing (which address shall initially be the address for Lender as set forth in the Note Agreement), electronic funds transfer, or wire transfer of immediately available funds, to an account designated in writing by Lender. Whenever any payment to be made shall otherwise be due on a day which is not a business day, such payment shall be made on the immediately succeeding business day and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of accrued interest.
All representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements made by the Parties in the Agreement will survive the execution and closing of the transactions contemplated hereby. All provisions which by their nature are meant to survive closing shall survive closing for the applicable statute of limitations.
The Parties may execute this Agreement in multiple counterparts, each of which constitutes an original as against the Party that signed it, and all of which together constitute one agreement.  This Agreement is effective upon delivery of one executed counterpart from each Party to the other Parties.  The signatures of all Parties need not appear on the same counterpart.  The delivery of signed counterparts by facsimile or email transmission that includes a copy of the sending Party’s signature(s) is as effective as signing and delivering the counterpart in person.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain, with insurance companies that the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) are financially sound and responsible at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed, insurance in at least such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance which the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of management of the Borrower) is reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business) and against at least such risks (and with such risk retentions) as the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment or the management of the Borrower) are reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business, and will furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon written request from the Administrative Agent, information presented in reasonable detail as to the insurance so carried. Each such policy of insurance shall (i) name the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) in the case of each casualty insurance policy, name the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders as the loss payee thereunder.
This Agreement (including any Schedules hereto) constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect the rights and obligations of the parties under the Share Exchange Agreement or any Ancillary Document, including the Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit any of the rights or remedies of Purchaser and the DT Representative or any of the obligations of the Restricted Holders under any other agreement between the Restricted Holders and Purchaser or the DT Representative or any certificate or instrument executed by the Restricted Holders in favor of Purchaser or the DT Representative, and nothing in any other agreement, certificate or instrument shall limit any of the rights or remedies of Purchaser or the DT Representative or any of the obligations of the Restricted Holders under this Agreement.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein, in the other Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto or thereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 10.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.
The Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any of the Collateral in its possession if it takes such action for that purpose as any applicable Debtor requests in writing, but failure of the Administrative Agent to comply with any such request shall not of itself be deemed a failure to exercise reasonable care, and no failure of the Administrative Agent to preserve or protect any rights with respect to such Collateral against prior parties, or to do any act with respect to the preservation of such Collateral not so requested by [any][the] Debtor, shall be deemed a failure to exercise reasonable care in the custody or preservation of such Collateral.
This Assignment Agreement may only be amended by a written agreement signed by both parties which explicitly adjoins itself to this Assignment Agreement.
This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the state of New York. The provisions of Sections 9.09 and 9.10 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment to the same extent as if fully set forth herein.
Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve the Parties of any liability or obligation which accrued hereunder prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration.  Each Party shall be free, pursuant to ARTICLE 13, to seek, without restriction as to the number of times it may seek, damages, costs and remedies that may be available to it under Applicable Law or in equity and shall be entitled, following final resolution of a Dispute in accordance with ARTICLE 13, to offset the amount of any damages and costs awarded pursuant to a final determination under Section 13.3 against any amounts due to such other Party under this Agreement.
Strand does not control or own, directly or indirectly, any equity or profits interests in any Person or have the power, directly or indirectly, to elect any Persons to the board of directors or comparable governing body of any other Person other than the Strand Subsidiaries.  Except for the Strand-Triesta Cancer Genomics LLP joint venture between Strand and Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited, Strand is not a participant in any joint venture or similar arrangement with any Person.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in any of the Loan Documents, in all respects, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, this Second Amendment shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of law other than New York General Obligations Law 5-1401 and 5-1402.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original.
Neither the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and of the other agreements and instruments to be executed and delivered by the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby, will or do violate or conflict with: (a) any foreign or local law, regulation, ordinance, governmental restriction, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Purchaser; (b) any provision of any charter, bylaw, or (c) under any material agreement to which the Purchaser is a party.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions (other than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the purchase and sale of the Shares contemplated hereby shall take place at a closing (the “ Closing ”) to be held at the law offices of Magri Law, LLC in Fort Lauderdale, FL, or at such other place or on such other date as Buyer and Seller may mutually agree upon in writing within two (2) business days after the date on which all of the conditions and obligations of the Parties as set forth in this Agreement shall have been substantially satisfied in all material respects or otherwise duly waived, or on such other date and at such other place and date as the Buyer and the Seller may hereafter agree upon in writing (such date of the Closing being referred to herein as the “ Closing Date ”).
Except as set forth on Schedule 7.22 , there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or in any other way relating adversely to or affecting any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any of their respective properties in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any Governmental Authority that (i) has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) materially adversely affects any transaction contemplated hereby.
All notices, requests or other communications required or permitted to be delivered hereunder shall be delivered in writing to such address as a party may from time to time specify in writing.  Notices if (a) mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by hand or overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received, (b) sent by facsimile during the recipient's normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given when sent (and if sent after normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of the recipient's business on the next business day) and (c) sent by e-mail shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment)..
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral.
In further consideration of the execution by the Holders of this Waiver Agreement, the Company, on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and all of the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing (collectively, the “ Releasors ”), hereby completely, voluntarily, knowingly, and unconditionally releases and forever discharges each of the Holders and each of their respective advisors, professionals and employees, each affiliate of the foregoing and all of their respective successors and assigns (collectively, the “ Releasees ”), from any and all claims, actions, suits, and other liabilities, including, without limitation, any so-called “lender liability” claims or defenses (collectively, “ Claims ”), whether arising at law or in equity, which any of the Releasors ever had, now has or hereinafter can, shall or may have against any of the Releasees for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from time to time occurring on or prior to the date hereof, in any way concerning, relating to, or arising from (a) any of the Releasors, (b) the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty or any of the other agreements, documents, or instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith, or any of the obligations thereunder, (c) the financial condition, business operations, business plans, prospects or creditworthiness of the Company, and/or (d) the negotiation, documentation and execution of this Waiver Agreement and any documents relating hereto.  The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Releasors, hereby acknowledges that they collectively have been advised by legal counsel of the meaning and consequences of this release.
All communications and notices provided for hereunder shall be provided in the manner described in Section 11.3 of the Second Tier Agreement.
In connection with Executive’s receipt of the retirement benefit described in Section 3.1, the Executive shall execute (and not revoke) a standard, customary form of release agreement (the “Release”), including without limitation the following terms. If Executive is continuously incapacitated through the Release Date, this requirement is waived. The Release must be given no more than ninety (90) days following the Executive’s employment termination, with sufficient time to allow applicable revocation period(s) to expire before the end of such ninety- (90-) day period (the final day of such 90-day period to be the “Release Date”). Pursuant to the Release, the Executive, on behalf of himself and his heirs, shall agree to waive any and all claims he or they have, had, or may have had, in each case as of the date the Executive signs the Release, in connection with his employment by the Company or its affiliates, as against the Company, its affiliates, and its and their directors and employees, other than claims arising out of the Company’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement. The Release will not prohibit or restrict the Executive (or Executive’s attorney) from initiating communications directly with, or responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before, any self-regulatory organization or any state or federal regulatory authority regarding the Company or the facts or circumstances of Executive’s employment with the Company. Should the Executive fail to return to the Company the executed Release on or before the Release Date, the Executive will forfeit all benefits then unpaid that otherwise would have been payable to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to each other Party (including via facsimile or other electronic transmission), it being understood that each Party need not sign the same counterpart. Any facsimile or electronic signature shall be treated in all respects as having the same effect as having an original signature.
Although, CLRI shall be responsible for any sales or use tax payable in connection with the sale of the Assets hereunder; Collabria will reasonably assist CLRI to minimize any such sales or use tax.
Except for the approvals of or notices or filings with Governmental Authorities set forth on Schedule 3.1(b) , the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Buyer is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not: (i) conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of, constitute a default under, result in the modification or cancellation of, or give rise to any right of termination or acceleration in respect of, any contract, agreement, commitment, understanding, arrangement or restriction of any kind to which Buyer is a party or to which Buyer or any of its property is subject; (ii) violate or conflict with any Law, decree, order or ruling of any Governmental Authority, to which Buyer or any of its property is subject; (iii) require any authorization, consent, order, permit or approval of, or notice to, or filing, registration or qualification with, any Governmental Authority; or (iv) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of Buyer’s applicable organizational documents, except in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) for matters which would not prevent or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The consolidated balance sheets of the Servicer as of January 2, 2010, and the related statements of income and retained earnings of the Servicer for the fiscal year then ended, copies of which have been furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent, fairly present the financial condition of the Servicer and its Subsidiaries as at such date and the results of the operations of the Servicer and its Subsidiaries for the period ended on such date, all in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (except as otherwise noted therein).
Each Guarantor agrees to pay or reimburse each Lender and the Administrative Agent for all its costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of outside counsel to each Lender and of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent.
Both during and after the Executive’s employment with the Company, the Executive agrees not to disparage, portray in a negative light, or take any action that would be harmful to, or lead to unfavorable publicity for, the Company or any of its current or former clients, suppliers, officers, directors, Executives, agents, consultants, contractors, owners, parents, subsidiaries or divisions, whether in public or private, including without limitation, in any and all interviews, oral statements, written materials, electronically-displayed materials and materials or information displayed on Internet-related sites.
This Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party has been duly executed and delivered by each Borrower and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of each Borrower, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
This Loan Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original for all purposes; provided, however, that all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
The Borrower has disclosed to the Lender all matters known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of the Borrower to Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Loan Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA.
This Agreement may be amended, modified, extended or terminated, and the provisions hereof may be waived, only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Holders. In addition, each Party may waive any right hereunder by an instrument in writing signed by such Party.
Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the performance by the Seller of its obligations hereunder will violate or conflict with any agreement by which the Seller is bound, or any applicable Law or Order.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect). All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the OTCQB marketplace (the "OTCQB") and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the OTCQB in the foreseeable future, nor are the Company's securities "chilled" by DTC. The Company and its subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or Electronic Transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same Amendment. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Administrative Agent or any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in Section 10.2 of the Credit Agreement; provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be addressed to such Subsidiary Guarantor at its notice address set forth on Schedule 1.
The Performance Award shall vest on the the last day of the Performance Period (the “Vesting Date”) in a number of shares of Company Stock equal to the multiple of the Total Target Performance Award achieved, as determined by the Committee (or its designee) in accordance with the vesting provisions of Exhibit A hereto, provided that the Participant is employed by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries on the Vesting Date (other than as is provided by Paragraph 4 of this Award Agreement). Any shares of Company Stock earned in accordance with the prior sentence shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as practicable following the Vesting Date, but no later than the later to occur of (i) the end of the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurs or (ii) by the fifteenth day of the third calendar month following the Vesting Date. Any portion of the Performance Award that could have been earned in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit A that is not earned as of the Vesting Date, as determined by the Committee (or its designee), shall be immediately forfeited.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all tangible property material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, except as otherwise permitted by Section 6.03 and (b) subject to the qualifications, if applicable, in the definition of “Mortgage Instruments”, maintain, in all material respects, with carriers reasonably believed by the Company to be financially sound and reputable (i) insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses as the Company and the applicable Material Subsidiaries) and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (ii) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents.  The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon any reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained.  The Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent endorsements (x) to all “All Risk” physical damage insurance policies on the Collateral of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors naming the Administrative Agent as lender loss payee, and (y) to all general liability and other liability policies of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors naming the Administrative Agent an additional insured or mortgagee (in the case of property insurance with respect to Collateral).  In the event the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at any time or times hereafter shall fail to obtain or maintain any of the policies or insurance required herein or to pay any premium in whole or in part relating thereto, then the Administrative Agent, without waiving or releasing any obligations or resulting Default hereunder, may at any time or times thereafter (but shall be under no obligation to do so) obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and pay such premiums and take any other action with respect thereto which the Administrative Agent reasonably deems advisable.  All sums so disbursed by the Administrative Agent shall constitute part of the Obligations, payable as provided in this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, such endorsements (and related insurance certificates) shall not be required to be delivered hereunder until the date that is ninety (90) days (or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) after the Effective Date.
The Seller shall pay its pro rata share (the Seller’s pro rata portion to be determined according to the percentage that the aggregate principal balance as of the Cut-Off Date of all the Mortgage Loans represents as to the aggregate principal balance as of the Cut-Off Date of all the mortgage loans to be included in the Trust Fund) of all costs and expenses of the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, including, but not limited to: (i) the costs and expenses of the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Mortgage Loans; (ii) the costs and expenses of reproducing and delivering the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and this Agreement and printing (or otherwise reproducing) and delivering the Certificates; (iii) the reasonable and documented fees, costs and expenses of the Trustee, the Certificate Administrator, the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer, the Operating Advisor, the Asset Representations Reviewer and their respective counsel; (iv) the fees and disbursements of a firm of certified public accountants selected by the Purchaser and the Seller with respect to numerical information in respect of the Mortgage Loans and the Certificates included in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Final Offering Circular and any related disclosure for the initial Form 8-K, including the cost of obtaining any “comfort letters” with respect to such items; (v) the costs and expenses in connection with the qualification or exemption of the Certificates under state securities or blue sky laws, including filing fees and reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection therewith; (vi) the costs and expenses in connection with any determination of the eligibility of the Certificates for investment by institutional investors in any jurisdiction and the preparation of any legal investment survey, including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection therewith; (vii) the costs and expenses in connection with printing (or otherwise reproducing) and delivering the Registration Statement (as such term is defined in the Indemnification Agreement), Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus, Preliminary Offering Circular and Final Offering Circular and the reproducing and delivery of this Agreement and the furnishing to the Underwriters of such copies of the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus, Preliminary Offering Circular, Final Offering Circular and this Agreement as the Underwriters may reasonably request; (viii) the fees of the rating agency or agencies requested to rate the Certificates; (ix) the reasonable fees and expenses of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP as counsel to the Depositor; and (x) the reasonable fees and expenses of Mayer Brown LLP, as counsel to the Underwriters and the Initial Purchasers.
This Agreement and the No Competition and Non-Disclosure Agreement between the Company and Executive effective as of March 1, 2011 (the “NCND Agreement”) contain the entire agreement and understandings by and between the Company and Executive with respect to the covenants herein and therein described, and no representations, promises, agreements or understandings, written or oral, not herein or therein contained shall be of any force or effect. The NCND Agreement shall remain in full force and effect following the execution of this Agreement. No change or modification hereof shall be valid or binding unless the same is in writing and signed by the Parties hereto. Executive represents and agrees that he fully understands his right to discuss all aspects of this Agreement with counsel of his choice, that to the extent he desired, he availed himself of this right, that he has carefully read and fully understands the meaning, intent and consequences of all provisions of this entire Agreement, that he is competent to execute this Agreement, that his decision to execute this Agreement has not been obtained by any duress, and that he freely and voluntarily enters into this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same Agreement. Receipt of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective delivery thereof. Electronic records of executed Loan Documents maintained by the Lenders shall deemed to be originals.
At all times during your employment or service with the Company and after termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason, you will not knowingly make any statement, written or oral, that would disparage the business or reputation of the Company or its officers, managers, directors or employees. It will not be a violation of this Section 4 for you to make truthful statements, under oath, as required by law, to a governmental entity or law enforcement agency or as part of a litigation or administrative agency proceeding.
Subject to the provision for payment of the Closing Costs in accordance with the terms of Section 12.5 hereof and any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, whether or not the transaction contemplated by this Agreement shall be consummated, all fees and expenses incurred by any party hereto in connection with this Agreement shall be borne by such party.
Comply in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include (i) all applicable zoning and land use laws, (ii) all employee benefit laws, and (iii) paying before the same become delinquent all taxes, assessments and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon its property except to the extent contested in good faith.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver by Lender of any covenant or provision of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, this Agreement, or of any other contract or instrument between any Loan Party and Lender, and the failure of Lender at any time or times hereafter to require strict performance by the Loan Parties of any provision thereof shall not waive, affect or diminish any right of Lender to thereafter demand strict compliance therewith. Lender hereby reserves all rights granted under the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, this Agreement and any other contract or instrument between any Loan Party and Lender.
This Agreement (including all exhibits and schedules attached hereto) and the Ancillary Documents being executed herewith contain the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder and supersede all prior arrangements or understandings with respect thereto, written or oral, other than documents referred to herein. The terms and conditions of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties hereto and their permitted assigns or successors. Except for the indemnification rights of the Indemnitees set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the Parties hereto and their permitted assigns or successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities.
On the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), in consideration of the purchase price determined and payable as set forth in Section 2 below (the "Purchase Price"), and upon and subject to the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Seller shall convey, sell, transfer, assign and deliver unto Purchaser, and its successors and assigns forever, and Purchaser shall purchase and acquire all of the right, title and interest of the Seller in and to all of the Seller's assets (and, by such acquisition, the Business, which term shall be deemed to include all businesses conducted by the Seller), including all assets, property and property rights owned, used or held for use by the Seller of every nature and description, tangible and intangible, wherever located, and regardless of whether reflected in the books and records of the Seller, including, but not limited to all assets described in Schedule 1.1(i) hereto, all as the same shall exist on the date of execution of this Agreement (the "Execution Date"), subject to such additions and dispositions as shall have occurred in the ordinary course of business since the Execution Date but excluding those assets, such as cash in bank existing prior to the effective date of the MSA, defined below, described in Schedule 1.1(ii) hereto (the "Excluded Assets") (the assets to be acquired, excluding the Excluded Assets, are hereinafter referred to as the "Assets").
The laws of the State of California will govern all matters relating to this Plan, except to the extent it is superseded or preempted by the laws of the United States.
Neither party shall be entitled to assign, transfer, charge or in any way make over the benefit and/or the burden of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, save that either party shall be entitled without the prior written consent of the other party to assign or transfer this Agreement to its Affiliate or its successor-in-interest to all or substantially all of its assets to which this Agreement relates, whether in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of asset or other similar transaction. WuXi AppTech may not subcontract or delegate any of its obligations hereunder to a third party without Customer’s express prior written consent.
The right to indemnification or advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall be enforceable by the Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction if the Corporation denies such request, in whole or in part, or if no disposition thereof is made within the applicable period referred to in Section 10. Unless otherwise required by law, the burden of proving that indemnification or advancement of Expenses is not appropriate shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Corporation that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. The Indemnitee’s Expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection with successfully establishing the Indemnitee’s right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such Proceeding shall also be indemnified by the Corporation.
Any determination made by the Committee or an appropriately delegated person or persons with respect to the Plan shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee or such delegate, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan, including, without limitation, any determination involving the appropriateness or equitableness of any action. All decisions made by the Committee or any appropriately delegated person or persons shall be final and binding on all persons, including the Designated Subsidiary’s, Employees, Eligible Employees, Participants and Beneficiaries.
THE BORROWER AND GUARANTOR EACH IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR THE GUARANTOR OR THEIR PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, proceedings or investigations before or by any Official Body or any other Person against any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Loan Party which relate to the Collateral, involve a claim or series of claims in excess of Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000) or which if adversely determined would reasonably be expected to constitute a Material Adverse Change.
All notices required or permitted to be given by the Corporation with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock shall be in writing, and if delivered by first class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock at their last addresses as they shall appear upon the books of the Corporation, shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the holder actually receives such notice; provided, however, that failure to duly give such notice by mail, or any defect in such notice, to the holders of any stock designated for repurchase, shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of any other shares of Series C Preferred Stock, or of any other matter required to be presented for the approval of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock.
It is the express intention and agreement of the parties hereto that the provisions of Sections 7 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 23 , 24 and 25 hereof and this Section 14 shall survive the termination of employment of the Executive. In addition, all obligations of the Company to make payments hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the “Acquiror”), may, without the consent of the Optionee, either assume the Company’s rights and obligations under outstanding Options or substitute for outstanding Options substantially equivalent options for the Acquiror’s stock. In the event the Acquiror elects not to assume or substitute for outstanding Options in connection with a Change in Control, the Committee shall provide that any unexercised and/or unvested portions of outstanding Options shall be immediately exercisable and vested in full as of the date thirty (30) days prior to the date of the Change in Control. The exercise and/or vesting of any Option that was permissible solely by reason of this Section 11 shall be conditioned upon the consummation of the Change in Control. Any Options which are not assumed by the Acquiror in connection with the Change in Control nor exercised as of the time of consummation of the Change in Control shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the time of consummation of the Change in Control.
Except as provided in Section 6(i), all notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing or provided and deemed effectively given upon personal delivery or five calendar days after deposit in the United States Post Office, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the other party hereto at, for the Company, its primary business address (attention: Chief Administrative Officer and, for the Participant, at the Participant’s home address as reflected in the records of the Company, or at such other address or addresses as either party shall designate to the other in accordance with this Section 6(f).
Subject to the continued compliance by each of the Security Parties and the GSS Guarantor with the provisions contained herein, in the Facility Agreement and in the other Transaction Documents and upon the condition that no creditor under any debt instrument or facility, which the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries are party to or in respect of which the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries have repayment obligations (collectively, “Other  ISH Debt Facilities”), has taken any enforcement action, the Creditors hereby agree to waive application of Sections 9.3(b) and (e) through March 31, 2016 (or such earlier date when the financial covenants under the Other ISH Debt Facilities are tested again or the waiver under any of the Other ISH Debt Facilities is rescinded, has expired or otherwise not in force and effect) (the “Waiver Expiration Date”). For the avoidance of doubt, the waiver granted herein shall be rescinded, and application of the aforementioned provisions of the Facility Agreement shall be reinstated, if any of the conditions to the waiver is breached. The Security Parties and the GSS Guarantor hereby agree and acknowledge that all financial covenants, including those set forth in Section 9.3(b) and (e), shall be tested on the Waiver Expiration Date in the absence of any further waiver or amendment to the Facility Agreement.
Promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after an officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge Knowledge thereof, notice of (i) the occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default ( provided such Default or Event of Default is continuing) and or (ii) any litigation or governmental investigation or proceeding pending or threatened (x) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (y) with respect to any Document.
The Employment Letter is hereby terminated, effective as of the Effective Date, and shall thereafter be of no further force and effect. This Agreement, the RGAs, the Non-ISO Agreement and the ISO Agreements constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement of the Parties with regard to the subjects hereof and supersede in their entirety all other or prior agreements, whether oral or written, with respect thereto.
Whenever any notice or other communication (a “Delivery”) is required to be given or delivered under the terms of this Pledge Agreement, it shall be in writing and delivered by hand delivery or Federal Express or registered or certified United States mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, and will be deemed to have been given or delivered on the date such notice or other communication is so delivered. Any Delivery to the Borrower shall be addressed to Royal Energy Resources, Inc., 56 Broad Street, Suite 2, Charleston, SC 29401, or to such other address as the Borrower may hereafter designate to the Lender in writing; any Delivery to the Lender shall be addressed to Rhino Resource Partners, LP, 424 Lewis Hargett Circle, Suite 250, Lexington, KY 40503, or to such other address as the Lender may hereafter designate to the Borrower in writing.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings, whether oral or written, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Letter Agreement.
The Executive shall serve as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and agrees to perform services for the Company and such other affiliates of the Company, as described in Section 2.3 herein.
During the term of Executive’s employment, and excluding any periods of vacation and sick leave to which Executive is entitled, Executive agrees to devote substantially all of his business time to the business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to Executive hereunder, to use Executive’s reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully, effectively and efficiently such responsibilities. During the term of Executive’s employment, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for Executive to (1) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (2) deliver lectures or fulfill speaking engagements, and (3) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not interfere with the performance of Executive’s responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement.
Executive will not make any statement, written or verbal, to any person or entity, including in any forum or media, or take any action, in disparagement of the Company, the Board, or any of their respective current, former or future Affiliates, or any current, former or future shareholders, partners, managers, members, officers, directors, employees, franchisors or franchisees of any of the foregoing (each, a “Company Party”), including negative references to or about any Company Party’s services, policies, practices, documents, methods of doing business, strategies, objectives, shareholders, partners, managers, members, officers, directors, or employees, or take any other action that may disparage any Company Party to the general public and/or any Company Party’s officers, directors, employees, clients, franchisees, potential franchisees, suppliers, investors, potential investors, business partners or potential business partners. Former Affiliates are third party beneficiaries of Executive’s obligations under this Section 6(g).
In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
If the Company or any other Loan Party shall default in payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Liabilities, whether principal, interest, fees (including, but not limited to, fees and expenses of counsel), or otherwise, when and as the same shall become due, and after expiration of any applicable grace period, whether according to the terms of the Credit Agreement, by acceleration, or otherwise, or upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under the Credit Agreement, then any or all of the Guarantors will, upon demand thereof by the Administrative Agent, (i) fully pay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, subject to any restriction on each Guarantor’s Obligations set forth in Section 1 hereof, an amount equal to all the Guaranteed Liabilities then due and owing or declared or deemed to be due and owing, including for this purpose, in the event of any Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or 8.03(g) of the Credit Agreement (and irrespective of the applicability of any restriction on acceleration or other action as against any other Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Laws), the entire outstanding or accrued amount of all Obligations or (ii) perform such Guaranteed Liabilities, as applicable. For purposes of this Section 2 , the Guarantors acknowledge and agree that “Guaranteed Liabilities” shall be deemed to include any amount (whether principal, interest or fees) which would have been accelerated in accordance with Section 8.02 or 8.04 of the Credit Agreement but for the fact that such acceleration could be unenforceable or not allowable under any Debtor Relief Law.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY ON ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, SETOFF, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY PERTAINING OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR PERTAINING OR RELATED TO OR INCIDENTAL TO ANY DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO OR CONTEMPLATED THEREBY OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY PARTY’S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES THEREUNDER, IN ALL OF THE FOREGOING CASES WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE. BORROWER AGREES THAT LENDER MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED AGREEMENT OF BORROWER IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE ITS RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY, AND THAT ANY DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY WHATSOEVER BETWEEN BORROWER AND LENDER SHALL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY. BORROWER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PROVISION MAY NOT BE ORALLY WAIVED AND CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF LENDER, INCLUDING LENDER’S COUNSEL, HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF SUCH DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH, AND BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT LENDER HAS, IN PART, BEEN INDUCED TO MAKE THE EXTENSION OF CREDIT EVIDENCED BY THE NOTE IN RELIANCE ON THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH.
All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. Except as is otherwise specifically provided for in clause (i) of the definition of “Interest Period” herein, if any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $5,000; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
This Agreement is personal to you and may not be assigned by you. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its respective successors and assignees, and any such successor or assignee will be deemed substituted for the Company under this Agreement for all purposes. As used herein, the terms “successor” and “assignee” include any person or entity that at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires ownership of the Company or to which the Company assigns this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.
Maker shall pay all Obligations in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds, free and clear of, and without deduction or offset for, any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, charges, withholdings, or liabilities with respect thereto; or any other defenses, offsets, set-offs, claims, counterclaims, credits, or deductions of any kind. Maker’s obligations under this Note are absolute and unconditional, and are completely independent of all circumstances whatsoever other than as expressly described in this Note.
Each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver, at the reasonable request of the other party hereto, such additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as such other party may reasonably request to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $4,500 for each assignment (or $7,500 for any assignment with respect to a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.9(h), which fee, in each case, the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive), and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. If requested by the transferor Lender or the assignee, upon the consummation of any assignment, the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes are issued to the assignee and such transferor Lender, as appropriate.
During the term of her employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall be permitted to participate in any group life, hospitalization or disability insurance plans, health (including dental) programs, pension and profit sharing plans and similar benefits that may be available to other senior executives of the Company generally, on the same terms as may be applicable to such other executives, in each case to the extent that the Executive is eligible under the terms of such plans or programs. During the term of her employment under this Agreement, the Company or the Trust, as applicable, shall maintain customary liability insurance for trustees and officers and list the Executive as a covered officer.
Each Bank hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes (a) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to act as its Paying Agent hereunder and under each of the other Loan Papers, (b) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citibank, N.A. to act as Co-Administrative Agents hereunder and under each of the other Loan Papers, (c) Barclays Bank PLC to act as Syndication Agent hereunder and (d) Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. to act as Documentation Agents hereunder. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. consents to such appointment as Paying Agent and agrees to perform the duties of the Paying Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Papers. Each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citibank, N.A. consents to its appointment as a Co-Administrative Agent, Barclays Bank PLC consents to its appointment as Syndication Agent and each of Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. consents to its appointment as Documentation Agent. Each Bank authorizes and directs the Paying Agent to act on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are specifically delegated to or required of such Agent by the terms hereto, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement or the other Loan Papers (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the Loans or Notes), the Paying Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Majority Banks, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Banks and all holders of Loans or Notes; provided , however , that no Agent shall be required to take any action which exposes such Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or applicable Law.
If the Term Facility is increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall determine (i) the final allocation of such increase among Increasing Term Lenders and Schedule 2.01 shall be automatically updated to reflect the same and (ii) the effective date (the “ Term Loan Increase Effective Date ”) of any such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Term Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Term Loan Increase Effective Date.
There is no action, suit, or proceeding, judicial, administrative, or otherwise (including any condemnation or similar proceeding), pending or, to the best knowledge of Mortgagor, threatened or contemplated against, or affecting, Mortgagor or the Mortgaged Property which would have a material adverse effect on either the Mortgaged Property or Mortgagor’s ability to perform the Secured Obligations.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, unless such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the authorized representative of the Party against whom it is sought to enforce such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification.
For a period of one year following your Transition Date, you will refrain from any disparaging statements about the Company and its officers, directors and affiliates; provided, however, that the foregoing requirement under this Section 9 will not apply to any statements that you make in addressing any statements made by the Company, its officers and/or its directors regarding you or your performance as an employee of the Company so long as your statements are, in your good faith judgment, truthful; and provided further that foregoing requirement under this Section 9 will not apply to truthful testimony that you are required by law to provide, including a response to a subpoena. The Company agrees to instruct CEO Rob Glaser (“RealNetworks CEO”) to refrain from any disparaging statements about you for the same period for which you are subject to a non-disparagement requirement under this Section 9; provided, however, that the non-disparagement requirement will not apply to any statements that the RealNetworks CEO makes in addressing any disparaging statements made by you about the Company, its officers and/or its directors so long as such statements are, in his good faith judgment, truthful; and provided further that the foregoing requirement under this Section 9 will not apply to truthful testimony that the RealNetworks CEO is required by law to provide, including a response to a subpoena.
If the Closing occurs, the provisions of this Agreement shall survive for the applicable statute of limitations.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs (b) or (c) of this Section, as applicable, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (e) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (g) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (e) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Provided that it has not been revoked pursuant to Section 6 hereof, this Release will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after the date of its execution by the Employee (the “Effective Date”).
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Executive consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
By signing this Letter Agreement you acknowledge  that  the release  provisions  of Paragraph  5(a) of this Letter Agreement  include  a waiver and release  of all claims  you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. §   621 et seq.).
Each Credit Party maintains insurance as required under Section 5.1 hereof. Schedule 6.18 hereto sets forth all insurance carried by the Credit Parties on the Closing Date, setting forth in detail the amount and type of such insurance.
GUARANTOR, AND, BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, BENEFICIARY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREIN, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN RESPECT OF THIS GUARANTY, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF BENEFICIARY OR GUARANTOR.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities and the reservation for issuance of the Underlying Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, any certificates of designation contained therein), the Certificate of Designation or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any capital stock of the Company, or Bylaws, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, foreign, federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Trading Market) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
All claims by the Executive for benefits under this Agreement shall be directed in writing to and determined by the Committee, which shall give full consideration to the evidentiary standards set forth in this Agreement. Any denial by the Committee of a claim for benefits under this Agreement shall be delivered to the Executive in writing and shall set forth the specific reasons for the denial and the specific provisions of this Agreement relied upon. The Committee shall afford a reasonable opportunity to the Executive for a review of the decision denying a claim and shall further allow the Executive to appeal to the Committee a decision of the Committee within sixty (60) days after notification by the Committee that the Executive’s claim has been denied. Any further dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Minneapolis, Minnesota in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s award in any court having jurisdiction.
The Company shall to the fullest extent permitted by the Company's certificate of incorporation and bylaws in effect from time to time, subject to the conditions thereof, indemnify Executive against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceedings against him arising by reason of the fact that Executive is or was an agent or employee of the Company.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles which would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
This Employment Agreement may be executed in more than one (1) counterpart and each counterpart shall be considered an original.
To the extent any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by or invalid under the applicable law of any jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity and only in such jurisdiction, without prohibiting or invalidating such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction.  Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.11 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Lenders, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.
Client shall pay or reimburse Wells Fargo for any applicable taxes levied, imposed or assessed upon Wells Fargo as a result of its provision of Cash to Client under this Agreement, excluding personal property taxes assessed against or payable by Wells Fargo (except for taxes relating to personal property owned by Client), taxes based upon Wells Fargo’s net income and Wells Fargo’s corporate franchise taxes. Alternatively to such payment or reimbursement, Client may satisfy its obligation in this paragraph by providing Wells Fargo with an exemption certificate that establishes that no tax is due. Wells Fargo shall furnish Client with invoices showing separately itemized amounts due under this paragraph with respect to applicable taxes (if any). If Client pays or reimburses Wells Fargo for any taxes pursuant to this paragraph, Wells Fargo hereby assigns and transfers to Client all of Wells Fargo’s rights, title and interest in and to any refund for taxes paid. Any claim for refund of taxes against the assessing authority may be made in the name of Client or Wells Fargo, or both at Client’s option. Client may initiate and manage litigation brought in the name of Client or Wells Fargo, or both, to obtain refunds of amounts of taxes paid under this paragraph. Wells Fargo shall cooperate fully with Client in pursuing any refund claims, including any related litigation or administration procedures. Wells Fargo and Client each acknowledge that it is not aware of any taxes owing contemplated by this Section VII.B with respect to the Cash as of the Effective Date.
Executive shall serve as the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer.   Executive shall (i) report solely to the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”), (ii) be the most senior executive officer of the Company; (iii) have all other executives and employees report to him (directly and indirectly); (iv) be responsible for the general management and affairs of the Company, including but not limited to decisions regarding the strategic direction of its products and services (with the approval of the Board) and the hiring, promotion, firing and compensation of its non-officer employees; and (v) have such other duties, responsibilities and authorities as are customarily associated with the position of chief executive officer of a company of the size and nature of the Company, and such additional duties and responsibilities consistent with his position as may, from time to time, be assigned to him by the Board.
Each Active Participant’s Deferral Election will remain in effect in accordance with its original terms until the earliest of (i) the date the Active Participant ceases to be a Covered Employee, (ii) the date the Active Participant revokes such Deferral Election, or (iii) the date the Active Participant or the Retirement Committee modifies such Deferral Election.
The parties shall be entitled to enforce their rights under this letter agreement specifically to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this letter agreement and to exercise all other rights existing in their favor. The parties agree and acknowledge that money damages may not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the provisions of this letter agreement and that any party may in its sole discretion apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or injunctive relief (without posting a bond or other security and without the need to prove irreparable harm) in order to enforce or prevent any violation of the provisions of this letter agreement.
This Mortgage is intended to be performed in the State of Texas and the substantive Law of such State and or the United States of America shall govern the validity, construction, enforcement and interpretation of this Mortgage, unless otherwise specified herein, except that to the extent that the Law of the state in which a portion of the Mortgaged Property is located (or that is otherwise applicable to a portion of the Mortgaged Property) necessarily or, in the sole discretion of Mortgagee, appropriately governs with respect to procedural and substantive matters relating to the creation, perfection and enforcement of the Liens and other rights and remedies of Mortgagee granted herein, the Laws of such state shall apply as to that portion of the Mortgaged Property located in (or otherwise subject to the Laws of) such state.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JURISDICTION SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 10 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS .
No act or thing done by Sublandlord or Sublandlord’s agents during the Term shall be deemed an acceptance of a surrender of the Subleased Premises, and no agreement to accept such surrender shall be valid unless in writing signed by Sublandlord. The failure of Sublandlord to seek redress for violation of, or to insist upon the strict performance of, any covenant or condition of this Sublease shall not prevent a subsequent act, which would have originally constituted a violation of the provisions of this Sublease, from having all of the force and effect of an original violation of the provisions of this Sublease. The receipt by Sublandlord of Fixed Rent or any other payment with knowledge of the breach of any covenant of this Sublease shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach. No provision of this Sublease shall be deemed to have been waived by Sublandlord, unless such waiver be in writing signed by Sublandlord. No payment by Subtenant or receipt by Sublandlord of a lesser amount than the monthly Fixed Rent or other payment herein stipulated shall be deemed to be other than on account of the earliest stipulated Fixed Rent or other payment, or as Sublandlord may elect to apply same, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying any check or payment as Fixed Rent or other payment be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Sublandlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Sublandlord’s right to recover the balance of such Fixed Rent or other payment or to pursue any other remedy provided in this Sublease.
Any notice necessary under this Award Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Vice President, Legal at the principal executive office of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for the Participant or to either party at such other address as either party hereto may hereafter designate in writing to the other.  Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee.
No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived, unless such amendment or waiver is agreed to in writing, signed by Employee and by a duly authorized officer of the Company. No waiver by any party hereto of any breach by another party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party will be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same time, any prior time or any subsequent time.
The issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Award shall be subject to compliance by the Company and Participant with all Applicable Laws relating thereto.
Each Lender, upon execution and delivery hereof or upon succeeding to an interest in the Commitments and Loans, as the case may be, represents and warrants as of the Closing Restatement Effective Date or as of the Assignment Effective Date that (i) it is an Eligible Assignee; (ii) it has experience and expertise in the making of or investing in commitments or loans such as the applicable Commitments or Loans, as the case may be; and (iii) it shall make or invest in, as the case may be, its Commitments or Loans for its own account in the ordinary course and without a view to distribution of such Commitments or Loans within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws (it being understood that, subject to the provisions of this Section 10.06 , the disposition of such Commitments or Loans or any interests therein shall at all times remain within its exclusive control).
The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided , that for so long as the Borrower is an SEC reporting company, all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions included in exhibits to annual reports, quarterly reports and other reports timely filed or required to be filed by the Borrower with the SEC shall constitute disclosure to the Lenders for purposes of the first clause of this sentence.  None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lenders (including, without limitation, the CIM) in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Except where failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than in the case of clause (a) below solely with respect to the Borrower), the Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (a) its legal existence and (b) the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises and any applications or registrations for any of the foregoing and Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business, except, in the case of this clause (b), (i) to the extent that such rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises and any applications or registrations for any of the foregoing and Intellectual Property are no longer used, useful or necessary in the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) as permitted under Section 6.04; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (x) any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 or (y) a REIT Conversion of any Restricted Subsidiary or any actions necessary for the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to maintain its status as a REIT.
This instruments may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived only by a written instrument executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Company and the Holder.  No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other facsimile number or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 9(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.
This Assignment (including the recitals to this Assignment which are incorporated herein) and the Agreement set forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto, and shall supersede any other agreements and understandings (written or oral) between Assignor and Assignee on or prior to the date of this Assignment with respect to the matters set forth herein.  No amendment or modification to any terms of this Assignment, waiver of any covenant, obligation, breach or default under this Assignment or termination of the Assignment (other than as expressly provided in this Assignment), shall be valid unless in writing and executed and delivered by Assignor and Assignee.
Glenn agrees that during his Employment Term and Consulting Term, including any extensions under Section 2.4, and for a period of twelve (12) months after the expiration of Glenn’s employment and/or consulting engagement, including extensions thereto, or the earlier termination of this Agreement, Glenn will cooperate with the Company in responding to the reasonable requests of the Board, the Company’s or its General Counsel, in connection with outstanding projects and any and all existing or future litigation, arbitrations, mediations or investigations brought by or against the Company, or its affiliates, agents, officers, directors or employees, whether administrative, civil or criminal in nature, in which the Company reasonably deems Glenn’s cooperation necessary or desirable. In such matters, Glenn agrees to provide the Company with reasonable advice, assistance, and information, including offering and explaining evidence, providing sworn statements, and participating in discovery and trial preparation and testimony. Glenn also agrees to promptly send the Company copies of all correspondence (for example, but not limited to, subpoenas) received by Glenn in connection with any such legal proceedings, unless Glenn is expressly prohibited by law from so doing. The Company will reimburse Glenn for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Glenn as a result of his cooperation with the obligations described in this Section, within 30 day of the presentation of appropriate documentation thereof, in accordance with the Company’s standard reimbursement policies and procedures.
To the Knowledge of Buyer, no representation or warranty in this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any statement necessary to make the representations and warranties made herein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made.
THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES, AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO HEREIN EMBODY THE FINAL, ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND SUPERSEDE ANY AND ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED OR VARIED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO OR THERETO.
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.
Section 8 , Section 9 , Section 10 and Section 12 hereto will remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Party or any officer, director or controlling Person of such Indemnified Party and will survive the transfer of securities.
All public announcements relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby will be made only as may be agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser or as required by applicable law.  If public disclosure or notice is required by applicable law, the disclosing party will use its best efforts to give the other party prior written notice of the disclosure to be made.
This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto, the Co-Promotion Agreement, the Supply Agreement, the Quality Agreement, the Pharmacovigilance Agreement and any Exhibits thereto, and the DOP, as updated, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and merges all prior discussions and negotiations between them, and neither of the Parties shall be bound by any conditions, definitions, warranties, understandings or representations with respect to such subject matter other than as expressly provided herein or as duly set forth on or subsequent to the date hereof in writing and signed by a proper and duly authorized officer or representative of the Party to be bound thereby.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the issuance and sale of the Securities will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under (i) the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or the Company’s Bylaws, both as in effect on the date hereof (true and complete copies of which have been made available to the Investor through the EDGAR system), or (ii)(a) any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective assets or properties, or (b) any agreement or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or to which any of their respective assets or properties is subject.
Notwithstanding Section 13 or any other provision in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, because the Company is headquartered in the State of Ohio, the provisions of this Section 12 of the Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to the choice of law rules of any state, including any state in which Participant works.
There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or to Seller’s Knowledge threatened which (i) if adversely determined, would not be covered by insurance (subject to the payment of a customary insurance deductible) or adversely affect the Property, or (ii) which challenges or impairs Seller’s ability to execute, deliver or perform this Agreement or consummate the transaction contemplated hereby.
The “ Term ” of this Lease is the Initial Term plus all Renewal Terms, and a “ Lease Year ” is the twelve month period commencing on January 1 of each year of the Term; provided, however, the first Lease Year shall commence on January 22, 2015 and end on January 31, 2016, The “ Initial Term ” commences on January 22, 2015 and ends on January 31, 2030, and may be extended for four (4) separate “ Renewal Terms ” of five (5) years each if: (a) at least twelve (12), but not more than fifteen (15) months prior to the end of the then current Term, Tenant delivers to Landlord a “ Renewal Notice ” that it desires to exercise its right to extend this Lease for one (1) Renewal Term; and (b) there is no Event of Default on the date Landlord receives the Renewal Notice (the “ Exercise Date ”) or on the last day of the then current Term.
Each Party hereby warrants, represents and covenants that it is a duly organized and existing company under the respective laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has the full rights, power and authority pursuant to its corporate charter, articles of incorporation and /or by-laws to enter into and perform all obligations under this Agreement. Each Party further warrants, represents and covenants that in exercising any and/or all rights and in performing any and/or all obligations under this Agreement, each Party and/or its Representatives will act in full accordance with its respective corporate charter, articles of incorporation and/or by-laws.
The parti es agree that this Third Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Signatures to this Third Amendment delivered by facsimile or other for m of electronic transmission will be deemed to be binding as originals.
Maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies against at least such risks and in at least such amounts as are customarily maintained by similar businesses and as may be required by Applicable Law (including, without limitation, hazard and business interruption insurance).  With respect to insurance of the Credit Parties, all such insurance shall (a) provide that no cancellation shall be effective until at least 30 days after written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent (or 10 days in the case of non-payment) and (b) name the Administrative Agent as an additional insured party under liability insurance (other than directors’ and officers’ insurance and workers’ compensation) and lender’s loss payee on all property insurance.  On the Closing Date and from time to time thereafter deliver to the Administrative Agent upon its request information in reasonable detail as to the insurance then in effect, stating the names of the insurance companies, the amounts and rates of the insurance, the dates of the expiration thereof and the properties and risks covered thereby.
Notwithstanding anything in this Separation Agreement to the contrary, Novogratz shall continue to have all rights (i) to director’s and officer’s insurance on the same basis as was applicable to him prior to the Resignation Date with respect to his service as a director or officer of the Company and its affiliates and (ii) under the Indemnification Agreement dated as of February 8, 2007, by and between Fortress Investment Group LLC and Novogratz.
Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank (or other applicable central bank); provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
(i) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, any Purchaser may sell to one or more Persons (each a “ Participant ”) participating interests in the interests of such Purchaser hereunder; provided , that no Purchaser shall grant any participation under which the Participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Such Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for performing its obligations hereunder, and the Seller, the Servicer, each Purchaser Agent and the Administrator shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with such Purchaser’s rights and obligations hereunder. A Purchaser shall not agree with a Participant to restrict such Purchaser’s right to agree to any amendment hereto, except amendments that require the consent of all Purchasers.
The capitalization of the Company immediately prior to the Closing is, in all material respects, as set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as provided on Schedule 3.1(g) , or the SEC Reports, no Person has (i) any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents except for such, if any, as will have been validly waived before each Closing and (ii) except pursuant to the operation of agreements filed as exhibits to the SEC Reports before the date of this Agreement and as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j) , the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all applicable laws (including, without limitation, applicable federal and state securities laws), and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for obtaining Shareholder Approval, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as filed as exhibits to the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such subject matter, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules; provided that the foregoing shall not have any effect on any agreements that a Purchaser has entered into with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date hereof with respect to any prior investment made by such Purchaser in the Company.
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Barclays Bank PLC to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and, except as specifically provided in Section 8.06(a) and (b) , the Borrower shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of $375,000 (the “ Base Salary ”) in periodic installments in accordance with the Company’s customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly.
This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits hereto and Sales Notices issued pursuant hereto) and any Terms Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Manager with respect to the subject matter hereof.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy, e-mailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
This Agreement, together with all Exhibits and the BAA, constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the Parties solely with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. There are no agreements, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein.
At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of Lender and at the sole expense of Borrower, Borrower shall promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments and documents and take such further action as Lender may reasonably deem desirable (a) to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) to protect, preserve and maintain Lender’s rights in any Collateral, or (c) to enable Lender to exercise all or any of the rights and powers herein granted.
From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees, commissions and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, THE RECEIPT AND SUFFICIENCY OF WHICH ARE HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGED, EACH LOAN PARTY, FOR ITSELF AND ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, FULLY AND WITHOUT RESERVE, HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES, ACQUITS, AND FOREVER DISCHARGES THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH ISSUING BANK AND EACH LENDER, THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, ADVISORS AND AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY THE “RELEASED PARTIES” AND INDIVIDUALLY A “RELEASED PARTY”) FROM ANY AND ALL ACTIONS, CLAIMS, CAUSES OF ACTION, JUDGMENTS, SUITS OR LIABILITIES OF ANY KIND AND NATURE WHATSOEVER, DIRECT AND/OR INDIRECT, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ASSERTED, WHETHER ABSOLUTE OR CONTINGENT, WHETHER DUE OR TO BECOME DUE, WHETHER DISPUTED OR UNDISPUTED, IN EACH CASE THAT ARE KNOWN TO SUCH LOAN PARTY AS OF THE DATE HEREOF (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CROSS-CLAIMS, OFFSETS, REDUCTIONS, REBATEMENT, CLAIMS OF USURY OR CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY RELEASED PARTY IN EACH CASE THAT ARE KNOWN TO SUCH LOAN PARTY AS OF THE DATE HEREOF) (COLLECTIVELY, THE “RELEASED CLAIMS”), FOR OR BECAUSE OF ANY MATTERS OR THINGS OCCURRING, EXISTING OR ACTIONS DONE, OMITTED TO BE DONE, OR SUFFERED TO BE DONE BY ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES, IN EACH CASE, ON OR PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO ANY OF THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (COLLECTIVELY, THE “RELEASED MATTERS”). THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 6.9 SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND PAYMENT IN FULL OF THE SECURED OBLIGATIONS .
The term of the Employee’s employment with the Company under this Agreement will commence on the Start Date and continue until the third (3 rd ) anniversary thereof, unless the Employee’s employment is earlier terminated by the Employee or the Company, in either case with or without “Cause” (as such term is defined in Section 9(c)) or reason (the term of the Employee’s employment, the “ Term ”). After the expiration of the initial Term, the Term shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year periods on each anniversary of the Start Date, unless either party to this Agreement gives written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least sixty (60) days prior to the applicable anniversary of the Start Date. The Employee acknowledges that the Employee’s employment hereunder is terminable at will, subject to the terms and conditions herein.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Board and the Company at the Company’s then principal office, or to the Executive at the Executive’s last address on file with the Company, as the case may be, or to such other address or addresses as any party hereto may from time to time specify in writing for the purpose of this Agreement in a notice given to the other parties in compliance with this section. Notices shall be deemed given when received.
The authorized capital of the Company consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, of which a total of 10,720,000 shares are issued and outstanding (the “Issued and Outstanding Common Stock”) The Issued and Outstanding Common Stock has been duly authorized, issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens, charges, pledges, security interests, encumbrances, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. No person, firm or corporation has any right, agreement, warrant or option, present or future, contingent or absolute, or any right capable of becoming a right, agreement or option to require the Company to issue any shares in its capital or to convert any securities of the Company or of any other company into shares in the capital of the Company.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto and the Persons subject hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof.
During the Agreement Term, the Company will employ Executive as its Chief Financial Officer to perform the duties and responsibilities inherent in such position and such other duties and responsibilities consistent with such position as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the “CEO”) shall from time to time reasonably assign to him. On an annual basis, the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) in consultation with Executive and the CEO, will set reasonably attainable, specific goals pursuant to the objectives of the Company as in effect from time to time. Executive shall report directly to the CEO and shall be subject to the supervision of, and shall have such authority as is delegated to Executive by, the CEO, which authority shall be sufficient to perform Executive’s duties hereunder. Executive will be based at the Company’s headquarters in New York, New York. Subject to Section 4.3 below, the location of Executive’s employment is subject to change during the course of the Agreement Term as determined by the CEO in consultation with the Executive. Executive hereby accepts such employment and agrees to undertake the duties and responsibilities inherent in such position and such other duties as may be reasonably assigned to Executive. Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time, energies and attention in the performance of the foregoing services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Executive from (i) performing services for such other companies as the Company may designate or permit, (ii) serving, with the prior written consent of the Board, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, as an officer or member of the boards of directors or advisory boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) of non-competing businesses, (iii) serving as an officer or a member of charitable, educational or civic organizations, (iv) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, and (v) managing Executive's personal investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i) – (v) shall be limited by Executive so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of Executive's duties and responsibilities hereunder.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement executed and delivered by Seller and Purchaser.
Notwithstanding any compensation arrangements entered into between the Bank and any Administrator member, no fee or compensation shall be paid to any person for service on the Committee with respect to the administration of the Plan.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. In such position, Executive shall have such duties, authority and responsibility as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) or the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, which duties, authority and responsibility are consistent with the position of Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of the Company.
Evergreen contract, the term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall be for a period of five (5) years, commencing on the Effective Date and renew upon completion of achieving annual goal creating a perpetual agreement in effect.
The Executive represents and warrants that the Executive is not bound by any employment contract, restrictive covenant, or other restriction or subject to any other limitation preventing the Executive from carrying out the Executive's responsibilities for the Company, or which is in any way inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement. The Executive further represents and warrants that the Executive shall not disclose to the Company or induce the Company to use any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or others.
Unless otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, each Party will bear all of its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement or its performance hereunder, including any development costs, sales and marketing costs, and support costs.
The effective date of your new position will be May 12, 2016.
EACH OF LENDER AND BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW, RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTY’S RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY.
The date of this Agreement, for purposes of performance, shall be the date when the last one of Seller or Purchaser has signed and delivered this Agreement (the “ Effective Date ”).
The Borrower shall pay, and shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay, prior to delinquency, all taxes, assessments and governmental levies except such as are contested in good faith and by appropriate negotiations or proceedings or where the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement and the Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. In furtherance of the foregoing, the internal law of the State of Delaware shall control the interpretation and construction of this Agreement (and the Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits hereto), even though under that jurisdiction’s choice of law or conflict of law analysis, the substantive law of some other jurisdiction may ordinarily apply.
This Amendment will become effective upon (a) its execution by the Parties, (b) evidence, as reasonably requested by Purchaser, of the due execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Companies and the power and authority of the Companies to enter into this Amendment, and (c) receipt by Purchaser, in immediately available funds, of (i) One Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars ($140,000) as a restructuring fee, and (ii) an amount equal to all other reasonable fees and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred by Purchaser in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment.
Each Party shall use all reasonable efforts to: (a) take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper, or advisable under Applicable Laws or otherwise to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this APA; (b) obtain from any governmental entities any consents, waivers, Authorizations, or orders required to be obtained or made by them or any subsidiary in connection with the authorization, execution, and delivery of this APA and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; (c) make all necessary filings, and thereafter make any other required submissions, respecting this APA required under: (i) the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any other applicable federal or state securities laws; and (ii) any other Applicable Law. Each Party agrees to cooperate with the other Party in connection with the making of all such filings, including providing copies of all such documents to the other Party and its advisers prior to the filings, and if requested, each Party agrees to accept all reasonable additions, deletions, or changes suggested in connection therewith. Each Party shall furnish all information required for any application or other filing to be made pursuant to the rules and regulations of any Applicable Law in connection with the transactions contemplated by this APA.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by any party hereto (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Company shall be permitted to assign this Agreement and its rights, interests and obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of any other party hereto to the successor or surviving entity in any merger, business combination or other transaction involving a change of control of the Company and (b) this Section 8.08 shall not prohibit any Transfer permitted under Section 5.02 ; provided , further , that in the event of any such assignment pursuant to clause (b), the Investor will remain liable for all of its obligations under this Agreement.
Landlord shall carry, at Landlord’s expense, first party commercial property insurance on the Leased Property. Tenant is solely responsible for carrying adequate insurance on all Tenant’s personal property including, but not limited to, equipment, furniture, scientific devices, supplies, personal items, or other items installed and belonging to Tenant and located within the Leased Property, in addition to the insurance described in Section 21 of this lease.
Except as set forth on Schedule 6.10 , the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions in respect of which the Net Cash Proceeds received in connection therewith does not exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate during any fiscal year of the Borrower, determined on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.
Except as specified on Schedule 7.14.13 , to Spectrum’s Knowledge, no Actions concerning the Licensed IP or Business Domain Names are currently pending or are, to Spectrum’s Knowledge, threatened, in the Licensed Territory that, if determined adversely to Spectrum, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Contemplated Transactions or would impair in any material respect Purchaser’s rights under the licenses granted in Section 2.1.1.
All amounts payable under this Agreement shall be paid less deductions and income and payroll tax withholdings as may be required under applicable law and any property (including shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock), benefits and perquisites provided to you under this Agreement shall be taxable to you as may be required under applicable law.
This Agreement, the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement previously entered into by and between the Company and Executive   and the indemnification agreement previously entered into by and between the Company and Executive represent the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning Executive’s employment relationship with the Company, and supersede and replace any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning Executive’s employment relationship with the Company.
Each Borrower Party and each Subsidiary of a Borrower Party is in compliance with all Applicable Laws and with all of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation or formation and by-laws or other governing documents except where the failure to be in compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Materially Adverse Effect, and no event has occurred or has failed to occur which has not been remedied or waived, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which constitutes a Default.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.15 .
In this Agreement, words in the singular are deemed to include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender are deemed to include the other gender as the context requires.  The terms “hereof,” “herein,” “hereto,” “hereby,” “herewith” and words of similar import will, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement taken as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.  Article and Section references are to the Articles and Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.  The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and do not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  The word “including” and words of similar import when used in this Agreement means “including, without limitation,” unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified. The word “or” is not exclusive.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder) or (B) the Vendors holding all Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities under Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act without limitation on the amount of securities sold or the manner of sale. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.
Except as may otherwise be permitted under Code §401(a)(13)(C), or as may otherwise be permitted under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order under Section 8.9, or as may otherwise be permitted under Section 7.1 relating to loans to Participants, no right or claim to, or interest in, any part of the Trust, or any payment from the Trust, will be assignable or transferable, or will be subject to sale, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, commutation, anticipation, garnishment, attachment, execution, or levy of any kind, and the Trustees will not recognize any attempt to assign, transfer, sell, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate, commute, or anticipate the same, except to the extent required by law.
Sections 6.02, 6.03, 6.07, 6.08, 6.09, 6.10 and 6.12 of the Investment Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis .
The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of any Credit Event, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any individual or entity that, at the time of such funding, is the target of Sanctions (target and/or subject of sanctions signifying a person with whom a person obliged to comply with applicable sanctions regulations would be prohibited or restricted by law from engaging in certain transactions) or in any Designated Jurisdiction, in each case, unless authorized by the relevant sanctions authority, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any party hereto (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Administrative Agent, Agents, Letter of Credit Issuer, Swingline Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions.
The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Securities.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee, without regard to or the application of principles of conflicts of laws. The Parties agree that any appropriate state court located in Williamson County, Tennessee or federal court for the Middle District of Tennessee shall have exclusive jurisdiction of any case or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement and shall be a proper forum in which to adjudicate such case or controversy. The Parties consent and waive any objection to the jurisdiction or venue of such courts.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.  A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Successor Administrative Agent.  Delivery of an executed counterpart by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart.
This Agreement will become effective only if it is fully executed on or before July 28, 2016, and, if it is fully executed on or before that date, the date of execution will be the Effective Date of the Agreement.
The JSC will have only the powers assigned expressly to it in this Article 3 and elsewhere in this Agreement, and will not have any power to amend, modify or waive compliance with this Agreement.  In furtherance thereof, each Party will retain the rights, powers and discretion granted to it under this Agreement and no such rights, powers or discretion will be delegated to or vested in the JSC unless such delegation or vesting of rights is expressly provided for in this Agreement or the Parties expressly so agree in writing.
The representations and warranties made by the Corporation in Section 4 hereof shall be true and correct when made, and shall be true and correct at the time of the Initial Closing with the same force and effect as if they had been made at and as of the time of the Initial Closing.
Any term or provision of this Guarantee that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction.
All distributions under the Plan shall be subject to withholding of all applicable taxes and the Committee may condition the delivery of any Shares or other benefits under the Plan on satisfaction of the applicable withholding obligations.  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, such withholding obligations may be satisfied (a) through cash payment by the Participant; (b) through the surrender of Shares that the Participant already owns, or (c) through the surrender of Shares to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan; provided, however, that except as otherwise specifically provided by the Committee, such Shares under clause (c) may not be used to satisfy more than the Company’s minimum statutory withholding obligation.
The Executive agrees that the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, use, make available, sell, disclose or otherwise communicate to any person, other than in the course of the Executive's employment and for the benefit of the Company, at any time following the Date of Termination, any nonpublic, proprietary or confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company, any of its subsidiaries, affiliated companies or businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company.  The foregoing shall not apply to information that (i) was known to the public prior to its disclosure to the Executive, (ii) becomes known to the public subsequent to disclosure to the Executive through no wrongful act of the Executive or any representative of the Executive, or (iii) the Executive is required to disclose by applicable law, regulation or legal process ( provided that the Executive provides the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and reasonably cooperates with the Company at its expense in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information).  Notwithstanding clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence, the Executive's obligation to maintain such disclosed information in confidence shall not terminate where only portions of the information are in the public domain.
The Purchasers agree that the provision of any information, records or other access by the Company to a Purchaser pursuant to Section 3.3(a) shall be subject to a Non-Disclosure Agreement.
In the event that the Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Buyer on or before five (5) Business Days from the date hereof due to the Company's or such Buyer's failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above (and the nonbreaching party's failure to waive such unsatisfied condition(s)), the nonbreaching party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement with respect to such breaching party at the close of business on such date by delivering a written notice to that effect to each other party to this Agreement and without liability of any party to any other party; provided , however , that if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 8, the Company shall remain obligated to reimburse Hudson Bay or its designee(s), as applicable, for the expenses described in Section 4(g) above.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties named herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of his or its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the Parent, the Buyer, the Shareholder and the Seller; provided, however, that the Buyer may (i) assign any or all of its rights and interests hereunder to one or more of its affiliates, (ii) designate one or more of its affiliates to perform its obligations hereunder (in any or all of which cases the Buyer nonetheless shall remain responsible for the performance of all of its obligations hereunder), and (iii) collaterally assign any or all of its rights and interests hereunder to one or more lenders of the Buyer.
Subject to the entry of the DIP Financing Orders and subject to the terms thereof, no event has occurred and no condition exists which would, upon or immediately after the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any Borrower’s performance hereunder, constitute a Default or an Event of Default.
Tenant guarantees, warrants and represents that (a) Tenant is duly incorporated or otherwise established or formed and validly existing under the laws of its state of incorporation, establishment or formation, (b) Tenant has and is duly qualified to do business in the state in which the Project is located, (c) Tenant has full corporate, partnership, trust, association or other appropriate power and authority to enter into this Lease and to perform all Tenant's obligations hereunder, (d) each person (and all of the persons if more than one signs) signing this Lease on behalf of Tenant is duly and validly authorized to do so and (e) neither (i) the execution, delivery or performance of this Lease nor (ii) the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will violate or conflict with any provision of documents or instruments under which Tenant is constituted or to which Tenant is a party. In addition, Tenant guarantees, warrants and represents that none of (x) it, (y) its affiliates or partners nor (z) to its actual knowledge, its members, shareholders or other equity owners or any of their respective employees, officers, directors, representatives or agents is a person or entity with whom U.S. persons or entities are restricted from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control (" OFAC ") of the Department of the Treasury (including those named on OFAC's Specially Designated and Blocked Persons List) or under any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism) or other similar governmental action. Landlord guarantees, warrants and represents to Tenant that (a) Landlord is duly incorporated or otherwise established or formed and validly existing under the laws of its state of incorporation, establishment or formation, (b) Landlord has and is duly qualified to do business in the state in which the Project is located, (c) Landlord has full corporate, partnership, trust, association or other appropriate power and authority to enter into this Lease and to perform all Landlord's obligations hereunder, (d) each person (and all of the persons if more than one signs) signing this Lease on behalf of Landlord is duly and validly authorized to do so and (e) neither (i) the execution, delivery or performance of this Lease nor (ii) the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will violate or conflict with any provision of documents or instruments under which Landlord is constituted or to which Landlord is a party.
Each of the provisions of this Agreement constitutes independent and separable covenants. Any portion of this Agreement that is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad in scope, duration, or area of applicability or in conflict with any applicable statute or rule will be deemed, if possible, to be modified or altered so that it is not overly broad or in conflict or, if not possible, to be omitted from this Agreement. The invalidity of any portion of this Agreement will not affect the validity of the remaining sections of this Agreement.
All references to the singular shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa where the context so requires.
This Agreement is the agreement referred to in Article 7.4 of the Plan.  If there is any conflict between the Plan and this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan will control.  Any dispute or disagreement which arises under or in any way relates to the interpretation or construction of the Plan or this Agreement will be resolved by the Administrator and the decision of the Administrator will be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes.
This Guaranty shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns and legal representatives; provided , however , that Guarantor may not, without the prior written consent of Lender, assign any of its rights, powers, duties or obligations hereunder. If Guarantor consists of more than one person or party, the obligations and liabilities of each such person or party shall be joint and several.
Other than as set forth in the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is prudent, reasonable and customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries; neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has received notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that substantial capital improvements or other expenditures will have to be made in order to continue such insurance; all such insurance is outstanding and in full force and effect and neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries has received any notice of cancellation or proposed cancellation relating to such insurance.
The benefits payable to the Participant under the Plan shall not be subject to alienation, transfer, assignment, garnishment, execution or levy of any kind and any attempt to cause any benefits to be so subjected shall not be recognized.
If the Executive commits a breach or threatens to breach any of the provisions of Section 5.1 or 5.2 hereof, the Company shall have the right to seek to have the provisions of this Agreement specifically enforced by injunction or otherwise by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach may cause irreparable injury to the Company in addition to money damage and that money damages alone may not provide a complete or adequate remedy to the Company, it being further agreed that such rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or in equity.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the obligations addressed herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements regarding the subject matter hereof, except that Nondisclosure Agreement between Employee and the Advisor dated as of September 26, 2016 shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute but one and the same agreement.
The Borrower shall (and shall cause each Borrower Party to) not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist (a) any Lien on any of its Property (including any Collateral) except for Permitted Liens or (b) any Lien on its Capital Stock, except the Lien granted under the Security Documents.
There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending or to the knowledge of PRA, threatened in any court or before an arbitrator or Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Retirement Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
(a)  For purposes of this Section 2.20 , the term “applicable law” includes FATCA.
Prior to the Discharge of First-Out Obligations, the First-Out Agent agrees that if it shall at any time hold a First-Out Lien on any Shared Collateral that can be perfected by the possession or control of such Collateral or of any Account in which such Shared Collateral is held, and if such Shared Collateral or any such Account is in fact in the possession or under the control of the First-Out Agent, the First-Out Agent will serve as gratuitous bailee for the Second-Out Agent for the sole purpose of perfecting the Second-Out Lien of the Second-Out Agent on such Shared Collateral. It is agreed that the obligations of the First-Out Agent and the rights of the Second-Out Agent and the other Second-Out Secured Parties in connection with any such bailment arrangement will be in all respects subject to the provisions of Article II. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the First-Out Agent will be deemed to make no representation as to the adequacy of the steps taken by it to perfect the Second-Out Lien on any such Shared Collateral and shall have no responsibility, duty, obligation or liability to the Second-Out Agent or any other Second-Out Secured Party or any other Person for such perfection or failure to perfect, it being understood that the sole purpose of this Article is to enable the Second-Out Secured Parties to obtain a perfected Second-Out Lien in such Shared Collateral to the extent, if any, that such perfection results from the possession or control of such Shared Collateral or any such Account by the First-Out Agent. The First-Out Agent acting pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall not have by reason of the First-Out Security Documents, the Second-Out Security Documents, this Agreement or any other document or theory, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any First-Out Secured Party, the Second-Out Agent or any Second-Out Secured Party. Subject to Section 4.03 , from and after the Discharge of First-Out Obligations, the First-Out Agent shall take all such actions in its power as shall reasonably be requested by the Second-Out Agent (at the sole cost and expense of the Grantors) to transfer possession or control of such Shared Collateral or any such Account (in each case to the extent the Second-Out Agent has a Lien on such Shared Collateral or Account after giving effect to any prior or concurrent releases of Liens) to the Second-Out Agent for the benefit of all Second-Out Secured Parties.
Except for (a) the Security Interest granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Security Agreement and (b) the Liens permitted by the Credit Agreement, such Grantor owns each item of the Collateral free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others.  No security agreement, financing statement or other public notice with respect to all or any part of the Collateral that evidences a Lien securing any material Indebtedness is on file or of record in any public office, except such as (i) have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Security Agreement, (ii) are permitted by the Credit Agreement or (iii) relate to obligations no longer outstanding or are in respect of commitments to lend which have been terminated.
By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in clause (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this clause (d) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.
The rights and remedies of the parties to this Agreement are cumulative and not alternative. Neither the failure nor any delay by either party in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right, power, or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power, or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, (a) no waiver that may be given by a party will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it is given; and (b) no notice to or demand on one party will be deemed to be a waiver of any obligation of such party or of the right of the party giving such notice or demand to take further action without notice or demand as provided in this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Kansas.
The Company authorized capital consists of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, undesignated as to series. No shares of preferred stock have been issued or are outstanding. Schedule I annexed hereto sets forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and the all securities of the Company convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of Common Stock.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrowers nor any other Loan Parties may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 11.06(f) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date that 4111 South Ocean Drive, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the “Developer”) obtains a temporary certificate of occupancy for the Condominium, or such earlier date as may be mutually agreed upon in writing by the Parties (the “Commencement Date”), and shall be for a period of twenty (20) years, with the services described herein commencing on the Commencement Date and terminating on the 20th anniversary date of the Commencement Date (the “Initial Term”). Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for four (4) consecutive periods of five (5) years each (each a “Renewal Term”). The Initial Term together with the Renewal Term shall be collectively referred to herein as the “Term”. The Parties agree that the Association shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement during the Term except as otherwise authorized under Section 718.302, F.S. or upon the mutual written agreement of the Parties. Without limiting the foregoing, the Management Company may cancel this Agreement in its discretion at anytime upon providing ninety (90) days written notice to the Association.
The Borrowers maintain and each Subsidiary maintains (either in the name of the applicable Borrower or in such Subsidiary’s own name) insurance on all of its Properties in compliance with the requirements of Section 5.05 .
You agree that you will at all times promptly disclose to the Company (which, for the purposes of this Section 7, will include the Company and any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company), in such form and manner as the Company may reasonably require, any inventions, improvements or procedural or methodological innovations, programs methods, forms, systems, services, designs, marketing ideas, products or processes (whether or not capable of being trade-marked, copyrighted or patented) conceived or developed or created by you during or in connection with your employment hereunder and which relate to the business of the Company and any subsidiaries or affiliates (“ Intellectual Property ”). You agree that all such Intellectual Property will be the sole property of the Company. You further agree that you will execute such instruments and perform such acts as may reasonably be requested by the Company to transfer to and perfect in the Company all legally protectable rights in such Intellectual Property.
Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on or with respect to any of its assets, of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien with priority equal to or senior to the Liens created by the Loan Documents, except the Permitted Priority Liens and as set forth in the DIP Order.
The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including all exhibits thereto, if any) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $10,000,000 of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for “Delivery Versus Payment” settlement with the Company. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Warrant as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via “Delivery Versus Payment” (“ DVP ”) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers’ names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).
The Employee, in consideration of the promises and agreements of the Company herein contained, hereby accepts employment with the Company for a period of one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date. During that period, Employee agrees to serve as an Executive of Forest City Realty Trust, Inc. (“ Forest City ”) and to serve as the Executive Chairman of Forest City Ratner Companies (Forest City, the Company and any of their respective affiliates or subsidiaries are referred to herein collectively as the “ Forest City Group ”). Employee will perform such duties as may be required of him in such capacities by the Company, faithfully, honestly, diligently and to the satisfaction of the Forest City Group. Employee’s employment with the Company shall continue for additional periods of one (1) year each until termination by mutual consent, death, or by either party giving ninety (90) days written notice to either amend or terminate this Employment Agreement to the other party prior to the termination of any such one (1) year period.
Employer agrees to pay to Employee during the Employment Term an annual base salary in the amount of Three Hundred and Eighty Thousand US Dollars ($380,000) per Employment Year less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, or such higher amount as the Compensation Committee of the Board shall from time to time determine.  Employee’s base salary shall be paid not less frequently than semi-monthly in accordance with Employer’s usual payroll practices.  The Compensation Committee of the Board will review Employee’s base salary no less than once annually, and shall have sole discretion to increase or decrease (subject to the next sentence hereof) the base salary.  Employee’s base salary only may be decreased in connection with a salary reduction program approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board, which affects all executive officers of Employer.
Except as provided in Paragraph 16 , this Agreement is the entire agreement between the Parties.  Except as provided herein, this Agreement supersedes any and all prior oral or written promises or agreements between the Parties.  Executive acknowledges that Executive has not relied on any promise, representation, or statement other than those set forth in this Agreement.  This Agreement cannot be modified except in writing signed by all Parties.
By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the applicable Issuing Bank hereby grants to each applicable Revolving Lender, and each such Revolving Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit; provided that any participation of any Letter of Credit issued in an Alternative Currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of the term “Alternative Currency” shall be made in Dollars. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Pro Rata Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the applicable Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Relevant Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 2.13 , or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Relevant Borrower or for any reason (the “ Unreimbursed Amount ”). Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments or whether or not an Overadvance exists or is created thereby, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.
No delay or omission by the Company in exercising any right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of that or any other right.  A waiver or consent given by the Company on any one occasion shall be effective only in that instance and shall not be construed as a bar or waiver of any right on any other occasion.
The term of this Agreement will begin as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Section 4 , will continue until March 31, 2021.
The Company has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, after giving effect to the Shareholder Approval and the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation contemplated thereby, to perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, including in compliance with Article ELEVENTH of the Articles of Incorporation. This Agreement has been, and at or prior to the Closing, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Company, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles.
The Participant must pay the Company upon its demand the amount equal to its liability, if any, for the withholding of federal, state or local income or earnings tax or any other applicable tax or assessment (plus interest or penalties thereon, if any, caused by a delay in making such payment) incurred by reason of the Participant’s exercise of the Option or otherwise in connection with the Option. The Participant must pay these withholding obligations in cash or by a sale to cover. If, on the date of exercise, the Participant is an executive officer, the Participant must pay these withholding tax obligations in cash, by Stock withholding, or, solely in connection with any 10b5-1 plan approved by the company or as required by local law, a sale to cover. Non-U.S. Participants see applicable Non-U.S. Participant Exhibit for special rules.
Borrower represents that neither it nor Sponsor has dealt with any financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than Goldman, Sachs & Co., Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Lazard Frères & Co. LLC (and any commissions payable in connection therewith shall be paid solely by Sponsor). Borrower shall indemnify and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, actual, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any kind in any way relating to or arising from a claim by any Person that such Person acted on behalf of Borrower in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. The provisions of this Section shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Indebtedness.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes the Employment Agreement and all other prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto.
Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other party hereto would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that such injury would not be adequately compensable by the remedies available at law (including the payment of money damages). It is accordingly agreed that each party hereto shall be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive relief to prevent any violation of, the terms hereof, and the other parties will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to a party hereto seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available at law or in equity, and the parties further agree to waive any requirement for the posting of any bond or other security in connection with such remedy or relief. This Section 4.1 is not the exclusive remedy for any violation of this Agreement.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time this Agreement or any other Loan Document is executed and delivered or any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated.  The provisions of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 , 2.18(e)  and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
The article and section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and in no way limit or enlarge the scope or meaning of the language hereof.
This Agreement shall be for the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, Carmike and Executive and their respective heirs, personal representatives, legal representatives, successors and assigns, subject, however, to the provisions in § 6.1 of this Agreement.
QLT has all legal right, power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Voting Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  This Voting Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by or on behalf of QLT and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement by the Stockholder, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of QLT, enforceable against QLT in accordance with its terms (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium and other Laws relating to limitations of actions or affecting the availability of equitable remedies and the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity).
To the knowledge of HCM, HCM has complied with all applicable statutes and regulations of any federal, state, or other governmental entity or agency thereof, except to the extent that noncompliance would not materially and adversely affect the business, operations, properties, assets, or condition of HCM or except to the extent that noncompliance would not result in the occurrence of any material liability for HCM. This compliance includes, but is not limited to, the filing of all reports to date with federal and state securities authorities.
The consummation of a Post-Closing Issuance pursuant to this Section 5.1 (the “ Participation Closing ”) shall take place on such date, at such time and at such place as the Company shall specify by notice to each Exercising Stockholder, but in any event, not earlier than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date such notice is provided to each Exercising Stockholder (unless otherwise agreed to by each such Exercising Stockholder). At any Participation Closing, each Exercising Stockholder shall be delivered the certificates or other instruments evidencing the Participation Securities to be issued to such Exercising Stockholder, registered in the name of such Exercising Stockholder or such holder’s designated nominee, with any transfer tax stamps affixed, if applicable (other than any transfer tax stamps required by reason of the Participation Securities being registered in a name other than that of the Exercising Stockholder), against delivery by such Exercising Stockholder of the applicable consideration by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account or accounts designated by the Company.
The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement, and of any determinations or decisions made by the Board relating to this Agreement, and the rights of any and all persons having or claiming to have any interest under this Agreement, shall be determined exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee, without regard to its provisions concerning the applicability of laws of other jurisdictions. Any suit with respect hereto will be brought in the federal or state courts in the districts which include Greeneville, Tennessee, and you hereby agree and submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue thereof.
Pursuant to Section 14.2 of the Plan, the Company shall be entitled to deduct from any payment made pursuant to this Notice, the minimum amount necessary to satisfy all applicable income and employment taxes required to be withheld with respect to such payment or may require Optionee to remit to the Company the amount of such tax prior to and as a condition of making such payment.
The Company shall continue to employ Executive as a full-time employee of the Company effective as of the Effective Date for the period and in the position set forth in this Section 1, and upon the other terms and conditions herein provided.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, and by each Loan Party of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any action by, any Governmental Authority, except those as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any Requirements of Law applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any judgment, order or ruling of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding on the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its assets or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except Liens (if any) permitted by Section 7.2 .
Wolverine or one of its subsidiaries shall be entitled to (a) withhold and deduct from Employee’s future wages (or from other amounts that may be due and owing to Employee from Wolverine or a subsidiary), or make other arrangements for the collection of, all legally required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all federal, state, and local withholding and employment-related tax requirements attributable to the Restricted Stock award under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the award or vesting of, or payments of dividends with respect to, the Restricted Stock; or (b) require Employee promptly to remit the amount of such withholding to Wolverine or a subsidiary before taking any action with respect to the Restricted Stock. Unless the Committee provides otherwise, withholding may be satisfied by withholding common stock to be received or by delivery to Wolverine or a subsidiary of previously owned common stock of Wolverine.
Assignor hereby indemnifies Assignee from and against any loss, cost or expense, including attorney fees and court costs relating from the failure of the Assignor to fulfill the obligations of tenant under the Lease accruing prior to the Commencement Date.  Assignee hereby indemnifies Assignor from and against any loss, cost or expense, including attorney fees and court costs relating from the failure of the Assignor to fulfill the obligations of tenant under the Lease accruing from and after the Commencement Date.
The Company acknowledges that the Investor does not make any representation or warranty as to any matter whatsoever except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered by the Investor to the Company in accordance with the terms hereof.
Each Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and, where the concept of good standing is recognized under corporate law, in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Each Buyer is duly qualified to do business, and, where the concept of good standing is recognized under corporate law, is in good standing, in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect on such Buyer and would not otherwise adversely affect the ability of such Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated herein or comply with any of the provisions hereof.
If any portion of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, then both the Executive and the Company desire that all other portions that can be separated from it or appropriately limited in scope shall remain fully valid and enforceable.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Loan Agreement Obligations.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate on the earlier of (a) three (3) years after such date or (b) the written notice by either Party to the other Party of its decision to terminate discussions in connection with the Purpose. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement, each Party’s nondisclosure and other obligations hereunder shall continue in full force and effect: (a) in the case of Confidential Information that constitutes a trade secret under applicable law, for as long as such Confidential Information remains a trade secret; and (b) in the case of any other Confidential Information, for a term of five (5) years from the disclosure of the last portion of such Confidential Information.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of Delphax consists of (i) 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $.10 per share, of which 6,919,465 shares are issued and outstanding; 2,856,167 shares are reserved for issuance under the Option Plans; and no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to any other securities (other than securities issued under the Option Plans) and (ii) 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.10 per share, none of which are issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock have been, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. No shares of capital stock of Delphax, including the Warrant Shares, are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the other shareholders of Delphax or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of Delphax. Except for stock options granted under the Option Plans, and the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, exercisable for, or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of Delphax, or arrangements by which Delphax is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of Delphax; (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which Delphax is obligated to register the sale of any of its securities under the Securities Act ; and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by Delphax (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities. Delphax has furnished to Air T true and correct copies of the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of Delphax and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. Delphax has delivered to Air T true and correct copies of Delphax’s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and By-laws, each as in effect on the date of this Agreement .
(a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay to each Lender a commitment fee on the average daily unused amount of such Lender’s Commitment (i) in the case of each Lender on the Effective Date, from the Effective Date or (ii) in the case of any Lender that becomes a Lender after the Effective Date, the effective date specified in the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, until, in each case, the Termination Date (or, for the avoidance of doubt, the Term-Out Date), payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October during the term of such Lender’s Commitment, commencing April 1, 2016, and on the Termination Date, at the rate per annum equal to the Commitment Fee Percentage in effect from time to time.
The Borrower shall have paid to each applicable recipient all reasonable and invoiced fees and expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, required to be paid or reimbursed by the Borrower.
Seller has filed all reports required to be filed by it under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the three (3) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as Seller was required by law to file such material) (the foregoing materials being collectively referred to herein as the “ SEC Documents ”). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents and any registration statements filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Registration Statements ”) complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the “ Commission” ) promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Documents or Registration Statements, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All material contracts to which Seller is a party or to which the property or assets of Seller are subject have been appropriately filed as exhibits to the SEC Documents and the Registration Statements as and to the extent required under the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as applicable. The financial statements of Seller included in the Registration Statement and the SEC Documents comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing, were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, or, in the case of unaudited statements as permitted by Form 10-Q of the Commission), and fairly present in all material respects (subject in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, recurring audit adjustments) the financial position of Seller as at the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended. The disclosure set forth in the SEC Documents and Registration Statements regarding Seller’s business is current and complete and accurately reflects operations of Seller, as it exists as of the date hereof.
As a condition of the grant and vesting of the Performance Shares, the Company, your employer or an administrative agent shall have the right, in whole in part, upon any payment to you of cash and/or Common Stock hereunder, (a) to deduct an amount equal to the taxes, social contributions, and/or other charges required to be withheld or otherwise applicable by law in respect of Performance Shares and Common Stock acquired or (b) to require you (or any other person entitled to the Performance Shares) to pay it an amount sufficient to provide for any such taxes, social charges and/or other charges. You agree that (for yourself and on behalf of any other person who becomes entitled to the Performance Shares or the Common Stock) that if the Company, your employer or an administrative agent elects to require you (or such other person) to remit an amount sufficient to pay such taxes, social contributions, and/or other charges, you (or such other person) must remit that amount within three business days after such amount is due. The Company will generally withhold required amounts from your payments, unless the Company has made other arrangements with you for you to promptly remit an amount sufficient to pay such withholding of tax, social contributions, and/or other charges (and may condition delivery of cash and/or Common Stock hereunder upon such payment).
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws), in each case except in such instances in which (i) such law, rule, regulation or order is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; or (ii) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
(a) Upon and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Sellers agree to sell and transfer to the Buyer or its designated subsidiaries the Shares and the Buyer hereby agrees that it and its designated subsidiaries will pay the Sellers $36,374,000, or $6.50 per share, in the aggregate as consideration for the Shares (the “ Transaction ”). The applicable number of Shares to be sold by each Seller and the portion of the purchase price to be paid to it is set forth on Annex A to this Agreement.
(a) Any provision of this letter agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
For each Plan Year in which the Plan is a Top Heavy Plan and any Plan Year thereafter, the Employer Contribution Account of a Participant who has at least one (1) Hour of Service after the Plan becomes a Top Heavy Plan and who has completed three (3) or more years of Vesting Service shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable.
The subscription hereunder may be revoked prior to the Closing thereon, provided that written notice of revocation is sent and is received by the Company or a Placement Agent at least three Business Days prior to the Closing on such subscription. The Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement shall survive the death or disability of the Purchaser and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. If the Purchaser is more than one person, the obligations of the Purchaser hereunder shall be joint and several and the agreements, representations, warranties and acknowledgments herein shall be deemed to be made by and be binding upon each such person and such person’s heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.
As of the date of this Second Amendment, Landlord represents and warrants that it does not require the approval of the Holder of any Mortgage (if any) in connection with this Second Amendment.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 9 above, the execution of this Amendment and the acceptance of all other agreements and instruments related hereto shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, whether or not known to Lender and whether or not existing on the date of this Amendment.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a   part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.
The Top Borrower will comply, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to comply, with the requirements of all applicable Requirements of Law (including applicable ERISA and all Environmental Laws, OFAC, the USA PATRIOT Act, the FCPA and other applicable anti-terrorism laws and anti-money laundering laws), except to the extent the failure of the Top Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 5.08 , as they pertain to compliance by any Foreign Subsidiary with OFAC, the USA PATRIOT ACT, the FCPA and other applicable anti-terrorism laws and anti-money laundering laws are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction.
Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement, the Severance Agreement, and the Employment Agreement contain all the understandings and representations between Executive and Employer pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The Parties mutually agree that this Agreement, the Severance Agreement, and the Employment Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of this Agreement or the Employment Agreement.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (i) to refinance indebtedness outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) to fund general corporate purposes including ongoing working capital, acquisitions, dividends and stock repurchases, and (iii) for payment of fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition (the “ LEY Acquisition ”) of Faiveley Transport S.A. (“ LEY ”).
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.   The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.  All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
Seller is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio, duly qualified to transact business as a foreign entity in such jurisdictions where the nature of its Business makes such qualification necessary, except as to jurisdictions where the failure to qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Business of the Seller or the Purchased Assets, and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate the Purchased Assets and to carry on its Business, as now being conducted.
In accordance with the limits set forth in the Vermont Business Corporations Law and Delaware General Corporations Law, as applicable, the Bank or any successor shall indemnify the Executive Officer as provided by the Articles of Association and Bylaws.
This Section 6 shall survive the Closing.
Change in Control .  Any person or group of persons (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) shall, directly or indirectly, obtain beneficial ownership or control in one or more series of transactions of more than thirty percent (30%) of the common stock or thirty percent (30%) of the voting power of the Borrower entitled to vote in the election of members of the board of directors of the Borrower or there shall have occurred under any indenture or other instrument evidencing the Permitted Senior Notes (if any) or   any other Debt in excess of $10,000,000 any “change in control” or equivalent term (as defined in such indenture or other evidence of Debt) obligating the Borrower to repurchase, redeem or repay all or any part of the Debt or Capital Stock provided for therein (any such event, a “ Change in Control ”).
The term of this Agreement shall commence on November 10, 2013, and shall continue, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, until November 9, 2021 (the “ First Term ”). Upon completion of the First Term and, if applicable, each Successive Term (as defined below) thereafter, unless either Party shall give a written notice of non-renewal prior to ninety (90) days before the expiration of the then current Term (as defined below), this Agreement shall be renewed at the end of the then current Term for a successive one (1) year period (a “ Successive Term ”), unless sooner terminated in accordance with Section 7 herein. The First Term, together with each Successive Term, is referred to herein as the “ Term ”.
Such Originator has filed or caused to be filed all U.S. federal income tax returns and all other material returns, statements, forms and reports for taxes, domestic or foreign, required to be filed by it and has paid all taxes payable by it which have become due or any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other material taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, except to the extent that such taxes are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as are required by generally accepted accounting principles shall have been made.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before December 6, 2016; provided , however , that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor (accompanied by back up documentation to the extent available).
This Guaranty (including the documents and instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement between each Guarantor and Lender and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between each Guarantor and Lender with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided , however , that this Guaranty is in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other guarantees from each Guarantor to Lender.
The Restricted Shares are being issued pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and are to be interpreted in accordance therewith. The Administrator will interpret and construe this Agreement and the Plan, and any action, decision, interpretation or determination made in good faith by the Administrator will be final and binding on the Company and Grantee.
The Board of Directors shall have the right to terminate Executive’s employment and this Agreement at any time with or without Cause, and Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive’s employment and this Agreement at any time with or without Good Reason; provided that obligations under Section 4(h), this Section 5, Section 6 and Section 7 and as otherwise implied under the terms of this Agreement shall survive any termination of the Agreement. In the event of the termination of Executive’s employment, the Company shall provide Executive the Accrued Benefits, subject to the limitation specified in Section 5(c).
This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one (1) and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one (1) or more counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Party. The provisions of Section 10.1(d) of the Separation and Distribution Agreement shall, for the avoidance of doubt, apply to the execution of this Agreement.
All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be for the benefit of the Warrantholder and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in compliance with the applicable terms of the Loan Documents (including Section 5.09 of this Agreement and Section 4.11 of the applicable U.S. Security Agreement), including insurance certificates naming the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Collateral Agent as additional insured, loss payee or lender loss payable, as the case may be, under all insurance policies maintained by each Loan Party.
This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by a written instrument executed by the party against which enforcement of the amendment, modification or supplement is sought.
By its signature, each Person executing this Agreement on behalf of a party hereto represents and warrants to the other parties hereto that it is duly authorized to execute this Agreement. The First Lien Collateral Agent represents and warrants that this Agreement is binding upon the Senior Secured Parties. The Designated Second Priority Representative and each Second Priority Representative represent and warrant that this Agreement is binding upon the Second Priority Debt Parties.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon delivery, when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by email or fax (upon customary confirmation of receipt), or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the Party to be notified at such Party’s address or fax number as set forth in the Purchase Agreement or the Schedules hereto, or as subsequently modified by written notice.
The Company shall file all required Current Reports on Form 8-K relating to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including all required exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act; provided that the Company shall submit a draft of such Form 8-K(s) to Purchaser and provide Purchaser with reasonable time to review and comment on such Form 8-K(s). The Parties shall consult with each other prior to issuing any press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and neither Party shall issue any press release nor otherwise make any public statement with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents without the prior consent of the other Party, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by Law or NASDAQ, in which case the disclosing Party shall provide the other Party with notice of such press release or public statement as promptly as possible. Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Section 6.5 , except for any press releases or public statements regarding the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents made in connection with and immediately following the Closing, Purchaser shall not be required to consult with the Company regarding any press release or other public statement after the Closing.
The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, at the time of and in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time prepared.
The headings of the sections of this Policy are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Policy.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall, except to the extent otherwise provided herein, survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Discharge of Senior Debt has occurred. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of each Obligor under Section 9 and Section 16 shall survive the Discharge of Senior Debt.
If any amendment to this Agreement is required to give effect to any addition of Incremental Commitments or Loan made pursuant thereto in accordance with this Section 2.15 , then such amendment shall be effective if executed by the Loan Parties, each Lender providing such Incremental Commitments and the Administrative Agent (each such amendment is a “ Commitment Increase Amendment ”).
This Agreement, the other Operative Documents and the other agreements and documents referred to herein are intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein or the other Operative Documents with respect to the rights granted by the Company or any of its Affiliates or the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates set forth herein or therein.  This Agreement, the other Operative Documents and the other agreements and documents referred to herein or therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
The Company has no Subsidiaries other than those listed in Schedule 3.1(a ) hereto. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(a ) hereto, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or comparable equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Lien, all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or comparable equity interest of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights.
Seller and Purchaser represent and warrant to each other that no broker or finder other than Eastdil Secured Broker Services, Inc. (the “ Seller’s Broker ”), was instrumental in arranging or bringing about this transaction and that there are no claims or rights for commissions, finders’ fees or other compensation (collectively, “ Compensation ”) by any person or entity other than the Seller’s Broker. Seller shall be solely responsible for all Compensation payable to the Seller’s Broker pursuant to separate written agreement. If any broker or finder asserts a claim for compensation based upon any actual or alleged contact, dealings or communication with Purchaser or Seller, then the party through whom such broker or finder makes its claim shall indemnify and hold the other party (the “ Indemnified Party ”) harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, judgments, suits, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) suffered or incurred by or brought against the Indemnified Party in connection with such claim for compensation. The provisions of this Section 14 shall survive the Closing or, if the Closing does not occur, any termination of this Agreement.
If any benefits deliverable to the Executive under this Agreement have not been delivered at the time of the Executive’s death, such rights shall be delivered to the Executive’s estate.
All Taxes (including any interest or penalties relating thereto) and assessments which are due and payable have been duly reported, fully paid and discharged as reported by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and there are no unpaid Taxes which are, or could become, payable by the Company or any Subsidiary or an Encumbrance on the properties and assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, except as provided for in the Financial Statements, or have been incurred in the normal course of business of the Company or its Subsidiaries since that date. All Tax Returns of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and their predecessors have been filed and all Taxes payable by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and their predecessors have been paid. There are no disputes as to Taxes of any nature payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their predecessors.
When financing statements in the appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on Schedule 6 to the Perfection Certificate, the Patent Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit II to the Security Agreement, and the Trademark Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit III to the Security Agreement, is filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the Copyright Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit IV to the Security Agreement, is filed in the United States Copyright Office, then, to the extent that Liens may be perfected by such filings, the Security Agreement shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the United States patents, trademarks, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights covered in such agreements, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person (it being understood that subsequent recordings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office may be necessary to perfect a lien on U.S. issued patents, patent applications, registered trademarks, trademark applications and copyrights acquired by the Loan Parties after the Closing Date).
The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent ( i.e. , its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature.  The Company did not receive a qualified opinion from its auditors with respect to its most recent fiscal year end and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or know of any basis upon which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its current fiscal year.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the transactions contemplated herein, and it supersedes all prior discussions, understandings or agreements between the parties. Any and all exhibits and/or schedules attached hereto are a part of this Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference. The parties acknowledge and agree that there are no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement other than Buyer’s Indemnified Parties.
All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. If, for any reason, a Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by a Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated  by reference  therein,  being  hereinafter  referred  to  herein  as  the  "SEC Documents"). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Purchaser true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("1934 Act" or "Exchange Act"), and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.
HHS places no restriction on the publication of the Agreement.  In addition, HHS may be required to disclose material related to this Agreement to any person upon request consistent with the applicable provisions of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552, and its implementing regulations, 45 C.F.R. Part 5.
This Agreement shall commence on _____ __, 20__ (the “Commencement Date”) and shall, subject to Section 2.2 below, continue until the third anniversary of the Commencement Date. Upon completion of the Term, Employee may continue to be employed by Company subject to Company rules and policies and/or the parties may enter into a new written agreement.
This Plan constitutes the entire Officer Severance Plan for the Company and supersedes all previous representations, understandings and plans with respect to officer severance, and any such representations, understandings and plans with respect to officer severance are hereby canceled and terminated in all respects.
Executive shall be entitled to participate in Employer’s various employee benefit plans as same may be constituted from time to time, including without limitation Employer’s 401(k) Plan, in the same manner as generally offered to other senior management employees of Employer, subject to the terms and conditions of the plans, as same may be amended or terminated pursuant to their terms from time to time as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.
No Loan Party is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in any respect which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
The Company shall comply in all material respects with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any governmental authority applicable to any part of the Collateral or to the operation of the Company's; provided , however , that the Company may contest any such law, rule, regulation or order in any reasonable manner which does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, adversely affect Secured Party's rights or the priority of its liens on the Collateral.
It is acknowledged by the parties hereto that all interest and other investment income earned on amounts on deposit in the Accounts for Federal, state and local income tax purposes shall be attributed to the Borrower. The Borrower shall be responsible for determining any requirements for paying taxes or reporting or withholding any payments for tax purposes hereunder. The Borrower shall prepare and file all tax information required with respect to the Accounts and the Account Property (including providing the Depositary Bank with any applicable required tax withholding information). The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold the Depositary Bank, the Collateral Agent and the First Lien Secured Parties harmless against all liability for tax withholding and/or reporting for any payments. Such indemnities shall survive the termination or discharge of this Agreement or resignation or removal of either the Depositary Bank or the Collateral Agent. Neither the Depositary Bank nor the Collateral Agent shall have any obligation with respect to the making of or the reporting of any payments for tax purposes.
The Employee and Company agrees to use the Laws of Texas to enforce the terms of this Agreement and the matter shall be heard in Harris County, Texas. Employee agrees to service and personal jurisdiction in Harris County, Texas.
The validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Amendment No. 12 and any dispute arising out of the relationship between the parties hereto, whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York but excluding any principles of conflict of laws or other rule of law that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of New York.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect any other provision hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision was omitted. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision there shall automatically be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid, and enforceable.
Borrower is not a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction which might adversely affect Borrower or the Property, or Borrower’s business, properties, operations or condition, financial or otherwise. Borrower is not in default in any material respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Permitted Encumbrance or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or the Property is bound.
Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then and in every such case, Collateral Agent, in addition to any rights now or hereafter existing under applicable law and under the other provisions of this Agreement, shall have all rights as a secured creditor under any UCC, and such additional rights and remedies to which a secured creditor is entitled under the laws in effect in all relevant jurisdictions when a debtor is in default under a security agreement and may exercise one or more of the rights and remedies provided in this Section.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (i) to refinance all existing Indebtedness of the Borrowers under the 2010 Note Documents, (ii) for the payment of fees, costs and expenses relating to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and ( iii ii ) for Permitted Acquisitions, Permitted JV Transactions and ongoing working capital, capital expenditures and other general company purposes, in each case to the extent permitted hereunder.
Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Company under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by first class mail to the principal office of the Company, directed to the attention of the Administrator. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery, or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark.
THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SECTION 10.22 OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT IS HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AMENDMENT AND SHALL APPLY HERETO.
The failure of the Company to insist upon the performance of any of the terms and conditions in this Agreement, or the failure to prosecute any breach of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, shall not be construed thereafter as a waiver of any such terms or conditions. This entire Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or failure of performance had occurred.
To the extent the Products contain, employ, utilize or otherwise involve any materials, device, software, or any other matter that may be the subject of or protected by any Intellectual Property Rights, Ecos hereby provides to Buyer a fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensable right and license to exercise such Intellectual Property rights to the fullest extent necessary for Buyer to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement. Nothing in this section shall alter or affect any rights which Buyer or any other party may have to the Products or any portion thereof under any applicable legal doctrine of exhaustion, first sale, or the like.
The Board is authorized, subject to the provisions of the Plan, to establish, amend, and rescind such rules and regulations as it deems necessary or advisable for the proper administration of the Plan and to take such other action in connection with or in relation to the Plan as it deems necessary or advisable. Each action and determination made or taken pursuant to the Plan by the Board, including any interpretation or construction of the Plan, shall be final and conclusive for all purposes and upon all Persons. No member of the Board shall be liable for any action or determination made or taken by such member or the Board in good faith with respect to the Plan.
As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.11 sets forth (a) the name and jurisdiction of each Subsidiary, (b) the ownership interest of Holdings, the Borrower and any other Subsidiary in each Subsidiary, including the percentage of such ownership, and (c) the identity of each Subsidiary whose Equity Interests are required to be pledged on the Closing Date pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.
The interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the substantive law of the State of California, without the application of its conflict of law rules.
This Subscription Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal (other than an automatic renewal in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section) or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (five Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a L/C Request requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the Approved Currency, the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, whether the Letter of Credit is to be issued for its own account or for the account of a Subsidiary ( provided that the Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and therefore jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Subsidiary), the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to issue, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any L/C Request. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the Revolving L/C Exposure shall not exceed the total L/C Commitment, (ii) the total Revolving Facility Credit Exposure shall not exceed the total Revolving Facility Commitments, (iii) the Alternate Currency L/C Exposure shall not exceed the Alternate Currency L/C Sublimit and (iv) the Revolving L/C Exposure for any particular Issuing Bank shall not exceed the Issuing Bank Sublimit of such Issuing Bank. No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to amend or extend any Letter of Credit if such Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof.
Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party notified, (b) when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Borrower at: CubeScape, Inc., 1026 16 th Avenue South, Nashville, Tennessee, facsimile number (312) 589-6765 and to the Holder at the address and facsimile number set forth on the signature page of this Note, or at such other address as the Borrower or the Holder may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other parties hereto.
The Acquiree Company has all requisite authority and power (corporate and other), authorizations, consents and approvals to enter into this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiree Company is a party, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiree Company is a party, to perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiree Company is a party, and to record the transfer of the Shares and the delivery of the new certificates representing the Shares registered in the name of the Acquiror Company.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Acquiree Company of this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiree Company is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not require from the Board of Directors of the Acquiree Company or the Shareholder any consent or approval that has not been validly and lawfully obtained.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Acquiree Company of this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiree Company is a party requires no authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing or registration with any Governmental Authority or other Person.
(a) During the Term and thereafter, the Employee shall not make any oral or written statement or comment that disparages, diminishes or injures, or that a reasonable person would expect at the time such statement or comment is made to likely have the effect of disparaging, diminishing or injuring, the reputation or goodwill of the Company or its affiliates, or any of its or their respective directors, officers or employees; provided , however , that nothing herein shall prevent the Employee from (i) making truthful statements in good faith in response to any governmental or regulatory inquiry or in any judicial, administrative or other proceeding or government investigation or (ii) providing any information that may be required by applicable law.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, taken together, constitute a single instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature or other electronic imaging means, and all such signatures shall be effective as originals.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.
Comply with all disclosure / filing requirements of applicable Law associated with entering into the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents, as applicable, and comply with all other requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (i) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (ii) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Each party consents to the other party’s use of the term MANITOWOC in trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade names or social media identifiers used by such other party in such other party’s Fields of Use. Each consenting party further agrees not to challenge, oppose or object to the use and registration within the other party’s Fields of Use of any trademark, service mark, domain name, trade name or social media identifier based upon the use of graphical elements of the Common Mark and/or the term MANITOWOC.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on ____________ and shall end on ____________, unless further extended or sooner terminated as hereinafter provided. The term shall be automatically renewed for additional one-year periods unless the Company notifies the Executive three months prior to the end of the term that the term shall not be renewed. In no event, however, shall the term of the Executive's employment extend beyond the date of the Executive's actual retirement under a retirement plan of the Company.
This Agreement, including its attached Exhibits, constitutes the entire employment agreement between Menzel and the Company regarding the terms and conditions of his employment, with the exception of those provisions of the 2008 Plan (and any predecessor plan) and related award agreements incorporated by reference pursuant to Sections 5 and 7.  This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, representations or agreements between Menzel and the Company, whether written or oral, concerning Menzel’s employment.
Each Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall perform all covenants in this Section 4.03(b) .
The provisions of the AGP SERP may be amended at any time and from time to time by the Compensation/Pension Committee for any reason without either the consent of or prior notice to any Participant; provided, however, that no such amendment shall serve to reduce the benefit that has accrued on behalf of a Participant as of the effective date of the amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Committee may adopt any amendment to the AGP SERP as it shall deem necessary or appropriate to (i) maintain compliance with current laws and regulations; (ii) correct errors and omissions in the AGP SERP document; and (iii) facilitate the administration and operation of the AGP SERP.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that, other than pursuant to any Debt Assumption effected in compliance with this Agreement, neither ADI nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.06(f) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section   10.06(d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed, enforced, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of law provisions and principles thereof.
In the event that the transactions contemplated hereby are not consummated, each party will keep confidential, not disclose and not use for its own benefit (and will cause its subsidiaries, employees, officers and directors to keep confidential, not disclose, and not use for their own benefit) any information, whether written, oral or in electronic format and whether or not identified as “confidential” at the time of its disclosure, obtained with respect to the other party or its subsidiaries, employees, officers and directors as a result of the transaction contemplated hereby or Purchaser’s due diligence process in connection herewith (“Confidential Information”).  The obligation set forth in the preceding sentence will not apply to Confidential Information which (i) is in the public domain on the date hereof, (ii) enters the public domain after the date hereof (other than by reason of the breach of any confidentiality obligation), (iii) was known to the receiving party prior to receipt from the disclosing party, (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party after the date hereof, (v) is disclosed to the receiving party by a third party not in violation of the proprietary or other rights of the other party or (vi) is disclosed pursuant to a requirement of law or judicial process.
You agree to keep the existence and terms of this Agreement confidential (unless it is made public by the Company) provided that (1) you are authorized to make any disclosure required of you by any federal, state or local laws or judicial proceedings, after providing the Company with prior written notice and an opportunity to respond to such disclosure (unless such notice is prohibited by law), (2) you and your representatives and agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you relating to such tax treatment or structure, and (3) you may disclose this Agreement in connection with any action by you to enforce this Agreement.
In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, extraordinary cash dividend, stock dividend, stock split or other change in corporate structure affecting the Stock, the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted (without duplication of Section 4 ) by the Committee in accordance with the Plan.
This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the absolute discretion of the Representative, by notice given to the Company prior to delivery of and payment for the Securities, if at any time prior to such time (i) trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices shall have been established on such exchange; (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by U.S. federal or New York State authorities; or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war or other calamity or crisis the effect of which on financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of the Representative, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Final Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto).
The failure of Landlord or Tenant to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or conditions of this Lease or to exercise any option herein contained shall not be construed as a waiver or a relinquishment for the future performance, observance or exercise of such covenant, agreement, condition or option.  No waiver of any default hereunder shall be implied from any omission by Landlord or Tenant to take any action on account of such default, and no condition or covenant shall be deemed waived by Landlord or Tenant unless such waiver is in writing signed by the waiving party.  One or more waivers of any breach of any covenant, term or condition of this Lease by Landlord or Tenant shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same covenant, term or condition.
As an express condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, Company shall within 24 hours of execution of this Amendment, time being of the essence, pay $505,000.00 (the “ Payment Amount ”) to Investor by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to the wire transfer information previously provided to Company.
No Loan Party shall directly or, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent or otherwise) of Sanctions.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: (i)  authorized shares of Common Stock, $ par value per share, of which  shares are issued and outstanding; and (ii) Series A preferred stock - $.001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 474,000 shares issued and outstanding; and (iii)   Series B preferred stock - $.00001 par value; 10 shares authorized; 1 share issued and outstanding; and (iv) Series C preferred stock - $.00001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 2,406,191 shares issued and outstanding; (v)   Series D preferred stock - $.00001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding; no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company’s stock option plans, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than the Note) exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock and  shares are reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Note.  All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.  No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company.  As of the effective date of this Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Note or the Conversion Shares.  The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (“Certificate of Incorporation”), the Company’s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the “By-laws”), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.  The Company shall provide the Buyer with a written update of this representation signed by the Company’s Chief Executive on behalf of the Company as of the Closing Date.
Headings and captions in this Mortgage are for convenience and reference only and the words and phrases contained therein shall in no way be held to explain, modify, amplify or aid in the interpretation, construction or meaning of any of the provisions hereof.
IN THE EVENT THAT THE FOREGOING BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION IS DEEMED UNENFORCEABLE, AND THUS LENDER AND BORROWER ARE REQUIRED TO LITIGATE IN COURT, LENDER AND BORROWER HEREBY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO ANY JURY TRIAL IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, THE AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER.
All the accounts, books, registers, ledgers, the Company Board minutes and financial and other records of whatsoever kind of the Company have been fully, properly and accurately kept and completed; there are no material inaccuracies or discrepancies of any kind contained or reflected therein; and they give and reflect a true and fair view of the financial, contractual and legal position of the Company. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations, and (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP and to maintain asset accountability.
Executive’s base salary shall be $215,000 per annum (the “ Base Salary ”), to be paid in accordance with the Company’s customary payroll practices. Executive’s Base Salary (as defined below) will be reviewed on an annual basis by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “ Compensation Committee ”) and may be increased (or decreased as part of substantially similar reductions applicable to all executives) from time to time thereafter, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee.
The Borrower, the Lenders party hereto, the Administrative Agent and other parties party hereto agree that on the First Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in the form of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “ Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ”) and any term or provision of the Credit Agreement which is different from that set forth in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement shall be replaced and superseded in all respects by the terms and provisions of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.
Your rights and obligations under this letter agreement are personal to you and may not be transferred by you by assignment or otherwise.
All consolidated financial statements for Borrower and its Subsidiaries, delivered to Collateral Agent fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the consolidated results of operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods presented .  Lender understands that interim financial statements may not be audited and may be subject to ordinary course year-end adjustments, such as for the sake of example only, changes in the fair market value of warrants.  Lender therefore understands and agrees that such financial statements are therefore considered to be in draft form and subject to adjustment.  There has not been any material deterioration in the consolidated financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries since the date of the most recent financial statements submitted to any Lender.
The Borrower agrees to pay all losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, in connection with the enforcement of the Note, the Loan Agreement and any other instruments and documents delivered in connection herewith sustained as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default by the Borrower.
No Default or Event of Default presently exists and is continuing.
Until this Mortgage is discharged in full, all of the covenants and conditions hereof shall run with the land and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Grantor, and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Bank. Any reference herein to “Grantor” or the “Bank” shall include their respective successors and assigns.
Bank of America shall have received evidence that all boards of directors, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the Loan Documents have been obtained.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Any notices required or permitted hereunder shall be sent using any means (including personal delivery, courier, messenger service, facsimile transmission or electronic transmission), if to the Key Person, at the address set forth below or such other address as the Key Person may designate in writing to the Company or to the Key Person’s home address if no other address has been provided to the Company, and, if to the Company, at the address of its headquarters in Chicago, Attention: General Counsel, or such other address as the Company may designate in writing to the Key Person. Such notice shall be deemed duly given when it is actually received by the party for whom it was intended.
The occurrence of any ERISA Event (as defined below) that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would have or would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the failure to meet the “minimum funding standard,” as such term is defined in Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Plan, or any lien shall arise on the assets of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in favor of the PBGC or a Plan; (ii) a Termination Event shall occur with respect to a Single Employer Plan which is likely to result in the termination of such Plan in a distress termination under Section 4041(c) of ERISA or by the PBGC under Section 4042 of ERISA; (iii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate shall incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or insolvency (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) of a Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan; or (iv) any prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) or breach of fiduciary responsibility shall occur which would be reasonably expected to subject the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to any liability under Sections 406, 409, 502(i), or 502(l) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or under any agreement or other instrument pursuant to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has agreed or is required to indemnify any person against any such liability (each of (i) through (iv) an “ ERISA Event ”).
The Plan is binding on all persons entitled to benefits hereunder and their respective heirs and legal representatives, on the Committee and its successor and on the Company and its successor, whether by way of merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise.
Borrower shall have paid all Taxes and Other Charges (including any in arrears) relating to the Project to the extent due and payable as of the Closing Date.
To the knowledge of the Parent Borrower, each of Holdings, the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all United States federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed and has paid ( a ) all Taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and ( b ) all Taxes shown to be due and payable on any assessments of which it has received notice made against it or any of its property (including the Mortgaged Properties) and all other Taxes imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, and no tax Lien has been filed, and no claim is being asserted in writing, with respect to any such Taxes (other than, for purposes of this Section 5.11, any ( i ) Taxes with respect to which the failure to pay, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect or ( ii ) Taxes the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be).
The Company shall have the right to make, without prior approval, any SEC, OTCBB or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as is required by applicable law and regulations.
The SEC Reports contain a complete and accurate list of all material contracts relating to the Company’s Intellectual Property Rights to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound, except for any license implied by the sale of a product and perpetual, paid-up licenses for commonly available software programs with a value of less than $10,000 under which the Company is the licensee. There are no outstanding and, to Company’s knowledge, no threatened disputes or disagreements with respect to any such agreement.
Throughout the Employment Period, Company shall pay Employee as compensation for her services an annual base salary of not less than Three Hundred Twenty Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($324,500), payable in accordance with Company’s usual practices. Employee’s annual base salary rate shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) at least annually and may be subject to adjustment following each fiscal year so that Employee’s salary will be commensurate with similarly situated executives with firms similarly situated to Company. However, Employee’s annual base salary rate shall not be subject to decrease at any time during the Employment Period.
The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, and except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation in any material respect (except, with respect to Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, for such violations that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), (c) will not violate the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any Subsidiary or any order of any Governmental Authority, (d) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon and material to the Company or any Subsidiary or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Company or any Subsidiary (except for such violations, defaults and payment requirements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents.
EACH OF THE LOAN PARTIES, ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, COLLECTIVELY, THE “ RELEASING PARTIES ”), HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND STIPULATES THAT AS OF THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, NONE OF THE RELEASING PARTIES HAS ANY CLAIMS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DEMANDS OR LIABILITIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, DISPUTED OR UNDISPUTED, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, AGAINST, OR ANY GROUNDS OR CAUSE FOR REDUCTION, MODIFICATION, SET ASIDE OR SUBORDINATION OF THE INDEBTEDNESS OR ANY LIENS OR SECURITY INTERESTS OF, IN EACH CASE WHICH ARISE OUT OF OR ARE RELATED TO THE INDEBTEDNESS OR ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (EACH, A “ RELEASED CLAIM ”), THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ISSUING BANK, THE OTHER SECURED PARTIES OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, OR REPRESENTATIVES, OR AGAINST ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, COLLECTIVELY, THE “ RELEASED PARTIES ”). IN PARTIAL CONSIDERATION FOR THE AGREEMENT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE RELEASING PARTIES HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES AND FULLY AND FOREVER RELEASES, REMISES, DISCHARGES AND HOLDS HARMLESS THE RELEASED PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL RELEASED CLAIMS, WHICH ANY OF THE RELEASING PARTIES HAS OR MAY ACQUIRE IN THE FUTURE RELATING IN ANY WAY TO ANY EVENT, CIRCUMSTANCE, ACTION OR FAILURE TO ACT AT ANY TIME ON OR PRIOR TO THE AMENDMENT EFFECTIVE DATE, SUCH WAIVER, RELEASE AND DISCHARGE BEING MADE WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES AND EFFECTS OF SUCH WAIVER, RELEASE AND DISCHARGE, AND AFTER HAVING CONSULTED LEGAL COUNSEL OF ITS OWN CHOOSING WITH RESPECT THERETO. THIS PARAGRAPH IS IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER RELEASE OF ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES BY THE RELEASING PARTIES AND SHALL NOT IN ANY WAY LIMIT ANY OTHER RELEASE, COVENANT NOT TO SUE OR WAIVER BY THE RELEASING PARTIES IN FAVOR OF THE RELEASED PARTIES.
Your employment will commence on January 6, 2016. You will report to the Chief Executive Officer and be responsible for the supervision and control of all merchandising, marketing and supply chain activities of the Company and will have such other duties as the Chief Executive Officer may reasonably determine.
The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Arranger, each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “ Indemnitee ”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including any Credit Party) other than such Indemnitee and its Related Parties arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Borrower or any Subsidiary, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Borrower or any other Credit Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by any Borrower or any other Credit Party against an Indemnitee for a material breach of such Indemnitee’s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if a Borrower or such other Credit Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.04(b) , with respect to any individual claim (or series of related claims), in no event shall the Borrowers be required to reimburse the legal fees and expenses of more than one outside counsel (in addition to any reasonably necessary special counsel and up to one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, but excluding any in‑house counsel) for all Indemnitees collectively, as well as any additional counsel reasonably necessary in the case of any actual or potential conflict of interest identified by the Administrative Agent or by one or more Indemnitees. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.
Interest on Loans, Letter of Credit fees, Related Expenses, and commitment and other fees and charges hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty (360) days and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed.
If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby.  The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
The Company shall deduct from all payments made hereunder all applicable federal or state taxes required by law to be withheld from such payments.
Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement nor the consummation by such Member (or any of its Affiliates) of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) does or will conflict with, violate or result in a breach of (or has conflicted with, violated or resulted in a breach of) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any law, regulation, order, writ, injunction, decree, determination or award of any court, any governmental department, board, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or any arbitrator, applicable to such Member or any of its Affiliates, (ii) does or will conflict with, violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default under (or has conflicted with, violated, resulted in a breach of or constituted a default under) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of the articles of incorporation, bylaws, partnership agreement or operating agreement of any Entity Member or any of its Affiliates or of any material agreement or instrument to which such Member or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which such Member or any of its Affiliates is or may be bound or to which any of its properties or assets is subject, (iii) does or will conflict with, violate, result in (or has conflicted with, violated or resulted in) a breach of, constitute (or has constituted) a default under (whether with notice or lapse of time or both), accelerate or permit the acceleration of (or has accelerated) the performance required by, give (or has given) to others any material interests or rights or require any consent, authorization or approval under any indenture, mortgage, lease, agreement or instrument to which such Member or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which such Member or any of its Affiliates or any of their properties or assets is or may be bound or (iv) does or will result (or has resulted) in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of such Member or any of its Affiliates.
Other than Sandler O’Neill + Partners, L.P., neither the Seller nor the Company has any liability or obligation to pay fees or commissions to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Transition Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its main offices, attention of the Board.
As among the Fixed Assets Claimholders, the Applicable Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Applicable Representative), shall have the right, but not the obligation, to adjust or settle any insurance policy or claim covering or constituting Shared Collateral in the event of any loss thereunder and to approve any award granted in any condemnation or similar proceeding affecting the Shared Collateral.  To the extent any Collateral Agent or any other Fixed Assets Claimholder receives proceeds of such insurance policy and such proceeds are not permitted or required to be returned to any Grantor under the applicable Fixed Assets Documents, such proceeds shall be turned over to the Applicable Collateral Agent for application as provided in Section 2.1 hereof.
Parent has no knowledge: (a) that any Plan is in noncompliance in any material respect with the applicable provisions of ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code; (b) of any pending or threatened litigation or governmental proceeding or investigation against or relating to any Plan; (c) of any reasonable basis for any material proceedings, claims or actions against or relating to any Plan; (d) that any Borrower has incurred any “accumulated funding deficiency” within the meaning of Section 302(a)(2) of ERISA in connection with any Plan; or (e) that there has been any Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction (as such terms are defined in ERISA) with respect to any Plan, the occurrence of which would have a material adverse effect on the business or condition (financial or otherwise) of Parent or any Subsidiary, or both, or that Parent or any Subsidiary, or both, has incurred any liability to the PBGC under Section 4062 of ERISA in connection with any Plan.
There is no fact relating to the Company that the Company has not disclosed to Acquiring Entity in writing that materially and adversely affects nor, insofar as Company can now foresee, will materially and adversely affect, the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business operations, results of operations or prospects of Company. No representation or warranty by Company herein and no information disclosed in the schedules or exhibits hereto by Company contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.
Borrower shall have paid or shall have made provision to pay on the SPLNG Funding Date in accordance with the Funds Flow Memorandum delivered pursuant to Section 3.3(j) ( Funds Flow Memorandum ), to each Agent, each Arranger and each Joint Bookrunner the fees payable on or before the SPLNG Funding Date referred to in Section 2.10(c) and (d) ( Fees ) and all expenses payable pursuant to Section 10.2 ( Expenses ) which have accrued to the SPLNG Funding Date.
This Agreement, and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement, as well as the legal relations hereby created between the parties hereto, shall be governed by and construed under, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding any California or other conflict of law provision to the contrary. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of California, Sonoma county. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.
The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided, however, that the Board shall not amend the Plan without approval of the shareholders of UGI if such approval is required in order to comply with the Code or applicable laws, or to comply with applicable stock exchange requirements. No amendment or termination of this Plan shall, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair any rights or obligations under any Grant previously made to the Participant under the Plan, unless such right has been reserved in the Plan or the Grant Letter, or except as provided in Section 21(d) below.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by ADGE and constitutes a binding obligation of ADGE.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any counterpart or other signature hereon delivered by facsimile shall be deemed for all purposes as constituting good and valid execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party.
All references to sections (§) are to sections (§) of this Plan unless otherwise indicated. This Plan shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware. Each term set forth in § 2 shall, unless otherwise stated, have the meaning set forth opposite such term for purposes of this Plan and, for purposes of such definitions, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. All references to applicable laws shall be deemed to include any amendments to such laws and any successor provisions to such laws. Finally, if there is any conflict between the terms of this Plan and the terms of any Option Certificate, Stock Appreciation Right Certificate, Stock Grant Certificate or Cash Bonus Incentive Certificate, the terms of this Plan shall control.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and Purchaser agrees to purchase $200,000.00 in principal amount of the Note, and corresponding Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a) (such purchase and sale being the “ Closing ”). Purchaser shall deliver to the Company $200,000.00 by wire transfer, and the Company shall deliver to Purchaser its respective Note and Warrants, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Closing Date shall occur on or before April 25, 2016.
No Credit Party shall, and no Credit Party shall suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use any portion of the Loan proceeds, directly or indirectly, to purchase or carry Margin Stock or repay or otherwise refinance Indebtedness of any Credit Party or others incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock, or otherwise in any manner which is in contravention of any Requirement of Law or in violation of this Agreement.
The Seller hereby acknowledges that the Purchaser has, concurrently with the execution hereof, executed and delivered the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and that, in connection therewith, it has assigned its rights hereunder to the Trustee for the benefit of the Certificateholders. The Seller hereby acknowledges its obligations pursuant to Sections 2.01, 2.02 and 2.03 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Seller, the Purchaser and their permitted successors and assigns. Any Person into which the Seller may be merged or consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Seller may become a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the business of the Seller, shall be the successor to the Seller hereunder without any further act. The warranties and representations and the agreements made by the Seller herein shall survive delivery of the Mortgage Loans to the Trustee until the termination of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, but shall not be further assigned by the Trustee to any Person.
The Plan was adopted effective as of January 1, 2013 (the “Effective Date”).  The Plan hereby is amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2015 (the “Restatement Effective Date”).
None of Murphy USA, the Company or any other Subsidiary will enter into any Sale/Leaseback Transaction unless (a) the sale or transfer of the property thereunder is permitted under Section 6.05, (b) any Indebtedness and Liens arising in connection therewith are permitted under Sections 6.01 and 6.02 and (c) either (i) such Sale/Leaseback Transaction (A) relates to a fixed or capital asset, (B) is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such asset and (C) is consummated within 90 days after Murphy USA, the Company or any other Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such asset or (ii) such Sale/Leaseback Transaction (A) relates to a fixed or capital asset that is not of the type that is described in the definition of the term “ABL Priority Collateral”, (B) is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such asset and (C) after giving pro forma effect thereto (including the incurrence of the Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof) in accordance with Section 1.04(b), (1) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (2) Availability shall exceed the greater of (x) 25% of the lesser of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the Borrowing Base (as adjusted in accordance with Section 6.05) and (y) $100,000,000, (3) unless Availability shall exceed the greater of (x) 40% of the lesser of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment and the Borrowing Base (as adjusted in accordance with Section 6.05) and (y) $100,000,000, Murphy USA and the Company shall be in compliance with the covenants set forth in Sections 6.11 (determined as if a Covenant Period were then applicable), (4) Murphy USA and the Company shall be in compliance with, at any time when a Covenant Period shall be in effect, Section 6.11 and, at any time when a Term Loan shall be outstanding, Section 6.12 and (5) the Secured Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 2.50 to 1.00, in the case of clauses (3), (4) and (5), as of the end of or for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Murphy USA then most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)).
Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the provisions herein may be modified only upon the mutual agreement of the Parties, however, no such modification shall be effective until reduced to writing and executed by both Parties.
(a) As of the Closing Date, the Borrower, each Guarantor and each other Subsidiary have good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of their respective properties and assets, real and personal, including all of the properties and assets and leasehold interests reflected in the financial statements referred to in Section 4.04 (other than any properties or assets disposed of in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement). None of the properties and assets owned by the Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Restricted Subsidiary and none of their leasehold interests is subject to any Lien, except such as may be permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 (provided that any Liens required by Section 6.01 to be junior to the Liens securing the Facility are, in fact, junior to such Liens securing the Facility).
For purposes of this Section, the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Lender.
This Agreement and the legal relations hereby created between the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.  Each Participant shall submit to the venue and personal jurisdiction of the Colorado state and federal courts concerning any dispute for which judicial redress is permitted pursuant to this Agreement; however the Company is not limited in seeking relief in those courts.
In the performance of this Agreement, each party will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, orders and other requirements of governmental authorities having jurisdiction.
EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST BORROWERS OR THEIR PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business, and (ii) maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 and (b) carry on and conduct its business (i) except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, in substantially the same manner and (ii) in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted.
This Agreement embodies the complete agreement and understanding among the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter of this Agreement in any way.
Each of the La Jolla Parties has all requisite power, authority and capacity to enter into this Release, to perform such party's obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
All of the properties and operations of the Borrower and each Subsidiary of a character usually insured by companies of established reputation engaged in the same or a similar business similarly situated are adequately insured, by financially sound and reputable insurers, against loss or damage of the kinds and in amounts customarily insured against by such Persons, and the Borrower and the Subsidiaries carry, with such insurers in customary amounts, such other insurance, including larceny, embezzlement or other criminal misappropriation insurance and business interruption insurance, as is usually carried by companies of established reputation engaged in the same or a similar business similarly situated.
Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent ( i.e. , its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company did not receive a qualified opinion from its auditors with respect to its most recent fiscal year end and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or know of any basis upon which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its current fiscal year.
The REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries and each other Person for whose taxes the REIT Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries could become liable have timely filed or caused to be filed all Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns that are required to be filed by them, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns or on any assessments made against it or its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, except where the same are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the REIT Guarantor or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, or except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each of the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries has timely filed all material reports, documents and other materials required to be filed by it under all applicable Requirements of Law with any Governmental Authority, has retained all material records and documents required to be retained by it under all applicable Requirements of Law, and is otherwise in compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership and operation of its properties, except for such Requirements of Law the failure to comply with which, individually or in the aggregate, would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Borrower will pay to Lender a fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) for this Ninth Waiver..
Neither party shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that either party may, without such consent, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder (a) to any Affiliate, or (b) in connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of its business to which this Agreement relates, or in the event of its merger, consolidation, change of control or similar transaction. Any permitted assignee shall assume all obligations of its assignor under this Agreement. Any purported assignment, transfer or delegation in violation of this Section 6.6 shall be void.
The terms of this Program may be amended by the Committee or the Board (or their respective delegates), provided that the Chief Human Resources Officer or the Vice President, Corporate Compensation, of the Company may amend the Program to comply with applicable law, to make administrative changes or to carry out directives of the Board or the Committee.
Executive shall be paid a base salary (“Base Salary”) at the annual rate of two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000.00), payable in bi-weekly installments consistent with Company’s payroll practices. Any accrued salary must be paid out at year-end, each year.
As soon as practicable following the sending or receipt thereof by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, a copy of any and all written communications with respect to (a) any Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, have a reasonable possibility of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect, (b) any material Release required to be reported to any Government Instrumentality, and (c) any request for information from any Governmental Instrumentality that suggests such agency is investigating whether Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may be potentially responsible for costs arising out of any Hazardous Materials Activity.
This Amendment, together with the Contribution Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among the Contributors and CFI with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any agreement or understanding entered into as of a date prior to the date hereof among or between them with respect to such subject matter.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur if the parties hereto do not perform their obligations under the provisions of this letter agreement in accordance with its specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. The parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance, or other equitable relief, to prevent breaches of this letter agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (in the courts described in Section 2(b)) without proof of damages or otherwise, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled under this letter agreement, at law or in equity, and (ii) the right of specific enforcement is an integral part of this letter agreement the Transactions and without that right, neither the Company nor Parent would have entered into this letter agreement or the Transaction Agreements.
Headings contained in this Agreement are solely for the convenience of the parties hereto and shall not be deemed to or be used to define, construe or limit any of the provisions hereof.
This Reinstatement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
The parties to each assignment shall (A) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance via an electronic settlement platform, or manually if previously confirmed, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 payable by the assignee unless waived in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, (B) deliver an Administrative Questionnaire unless the assignee is already a Lender and (C) deliver the documents required under Section 2.19(e)  and (f) .
No failure on the part of any party to exercise or delay in exercising any right hereunder will be deemed a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise preclude any further or other exercise of such or any other right.
The headings in this Agreement are intended for convenient references only and shall not in any way limit, amplify or be used in interpreting the terms of this Agreement. The masculine, feminine or neutral gender in the singular or plural shall be deemed to include the others wherever the context of this Agreement so requires. This Agreement shall not be construed against any party hereto as the drafters of this Agreement.
The applicable Lead Party will book all sales of the Licensed Products in the US Territory and the ROW Territory, respectively, and will have the sole responsibility for the processing of orders, invoicing, terms of sale, and distribution of the Licensed Products throughout the US Territory and the ROW Territory, respectively, associated therewith.
Except as specifically modified or clarified by this Second Amendment, all of the remaining terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement and the First Amendment shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect, all of which are restated, confirmed, ratified, incorporated in and made a part hereof by this reference. This Second Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same original. By this reference, the foregoing recitals and the attached Appendix D are incorporated in and made a part of this Second Amendment.
This Amendment No. 11 shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
On the Termination Date Lender shall, at Borrower’s expense, release or terminate any filings or other agreements that perfect Lender’s security interest, upon Lender’s receipt of the following, in form and content satisfactory to Lender: (i) a release of all claims against Lender by Borrower relating to Lender’s performance and obligations under the Loan Documents, and (ii) an agreement by Borrower, and any new lender to Borrower to indemnify Lender for any payments received by Lender that are applied to the Obligations as a final payoff that may subsequently be returned or otherwise not paid for any reason.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (a) its legal existence and good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and (b) the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, governmental authorizations and intellectual property rights material to the conduct of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each other jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except, in the case of this clause (b), as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03.
This Agreement may be amended by the Committee; provided, however, that no amendment may decrease rights inherent in this Award prior to such amendment without the express written consent of the parties hereto.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 21, this Agreement may be amended by the Committee to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to conform the provisions of this Agreement to any changes thereto.
For the immediately preceding five year period, neither the Credit Parties nor any of their respective Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of any Credit Party, any director, officer, agent, employee or other Person acting in such capacity on behalf of any Credit Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries, has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such Persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the “ FCPA ”), or any other applicable anti-corruption law, in each case, in any material respect.  No part of the proceeds of the Loans shall be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. Each Credit Party has conducted its businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, in all material respects, and has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.
Prior to any disbursement under the Loan, Borrower shall have delivered to Lender, true and exact copies of the current financial statements of the Borrower, the Bank and all other Subsidiaries, for the quarter ending March 31, 2016 and audit report and opinion of the Borrower’s independent accounting firm, with respect thereto (it being understood that Lender is relying upon such audit report and opinion in entering into this Loan Agreement), the unaudited financial statements of Borrower as of April 30, 2016 and the 2015 F.R. Y-6 Annual Report and F.R. Y-9 Parent Company only (and Consolidated, if applicable) financial statement(s) filed by Borrower with the Federal Reserve.
All notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed in the manner specified in the Securities Purchase Agreement addressed to a party at its address set forth in or determined pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, as the case may be.
This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrowers and Holdings and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank that each such Lender, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrowers shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders except as permitted by Section 7.04 .
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements, commitments, writings, courses of dealing and understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Both before and after giving effect to (a) the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loans, (b) the consummation of the Transactions and (c) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing and any contribution and indemnification between such Person, the Parent Companies, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, on a Consolidated basis, are Solvent.
The Company will pay all reasonable Registration Expenses, as determined in good faith, in connection with a shelf Registration, a Piggyback Registration or an Underwritten Offering, whether or not any sale is made pursuant to such shelf Registration, Piggyback Registration or Underwritten Offering.  Each Selling Holder shall pay its pro rata share of all Selling Expenses in connection with any sale of its Registrable Securities hereunder.  In addition, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.08 , the Company shall not be responsible for professional fees (including legal fees) incurred by Holders in connection with the exercise of such Holders’ rights hereunder.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware without reference to principles of conflicts of law that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 5(b) , in the event of a Change in Control, all then-outstanding Options (whether vested or unvested) shall be canceled in exchange for a payment having a value equal to the excess, if any, of ( i ) the product of the Change in Control Price multiplied by the aggregate number of shares covered by all such Options immediately prior to the Change in Control over ( ii ) the aggregate Option Price for all such shares , to be paid as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 30 days following the Change in Control.
Advisor and the Company agree that the Company will treat Advisor as an independent contractor for purposes of all tax laws (local, state and federal) and file forms consistent with that status. Advisor agrees, as an independent contractor, that Advisor is not entitled to unemployment benefits in the event this Agreement terminates, or workers’ compensation benefits in the event that Advisor is injured in any manner while performing obligations under this Agreement. Advisor will be solely responsible to pay any and all local, state, and/or federal income, social security and unemployment taxes for Advisor and Advisor’s employees. The Company will not withhold any taxes or prepare W-2 Forms for Advisor, but will provide Advisor with a Form 1099, if required by law. Advisor is solely responsible for, and will timely file all tax returns and payments required to be filed with, or made to, any federal, state or local tax authority with respect to the performance of services and receipt of fees under this Agreement.
If any dispute arises out of or in connection with this Agreement, except as expressly contemplated by another provision of this Agreement, the parties irrevocably (and the parties shall cause each other member of their respective Group to irrevocably) (i) consent and submit to the co-exclusive jurisdiction of federal and state courts located in the State of Wisconsin and in the State of Florida, (ii) waive any objection to that choice of forum in Wisconsin or in Florida based on venue or to the effect that the forum is not convenient, and (iii) WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION BY JURY.
Upon request by either party from time to time during the Term, each party hereto agrees to execute and deliver all such other and additional instruments, notices and other documents and do all such other acts and things as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this Lease and to more fully assure the parties’ rights and interests provided for hereunder. Lessor and Lessee each agree to cooperate with the other on all matters relating to required permits and regulatory compliance by either Lessee or Lessor in respect of the Premises so as to ensure continued full operation of the Premises by Lessee pursuant to the terms of this Lease.
This letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware without regard to the principles of choice or conflicts of law thereof.
The Parent has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, when taken together with the Parent’s filings with the SEC, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the written reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information (other than projections or forward-involving information and information of a general economic or industry specific nature) furnished by or on behalf of the Parent or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains, when furnished and taken as a whole, and taken as a whole with the Parent’s filings with the SEC, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information or results, the Parent represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projected financial information are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies and that no assurances can be given that any particular projected financial information will be realized and that variances between actual results and projected financial results can be material).
All understandings and agreements heretofore had between Assignor and Assignee with respect to the Premises are merged in this Assignment, which alone fully and completely expresses the agreement of the parties.  Assignee acknowledges that it has inspected the Premises and that it accepts the same in its "as is" condition subject to use, ordinary wear and tear and natural deterioration and Assignor satisfying its obligations under Section 5 hereof.  Assignee further acknowledges that, except as expressly provided in this Assignment, neither Assignor nor any agent or representative of Assignor has made, and Assignor is not liable for or bound in any manner by, any express or implied warranties, guaranties, promises, statements, inducements, representations or information pertaining to the Premises.
At the closing of the Transfer of a Membership Interest pursuant to Sections 3.6(b) or 3.6(c) , the Transferee shall deliver to the Transferring Member the full consideration required by this Agreement. Any transfer or similar taxes involved in such sale shall be paid by the Transferring Member, and the Transferring Member shall provide the Transferee with such evidence of the Transferring Member’s authority to Transfer hereunder and such tax lien waivers and similar instruments as the Transferee may reasonably request.
The Persons listed in Section 3.01(p) ( Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments ) of the Company Disclosure Letter are all of the Subsidiaries of the Company. Each such Subsidiary has the ownership, domicile and head office identified therein. There is no Lien or other third party right over the share capital or other equity interest of any Subsidiary and there is no agreement to create any Lien or any such right. Except as set forth in Section 3.01(p) ( Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments ) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no agreements or undertakings to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which any of them is bound, obligating any of them to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem or cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed any equity interest of any Subsidiary or obligating it to grant or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement. Other than its Subsidiaries listed in Section 3.01(p) ( Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments ) of the Company Disclosure Letter the Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any share capital or other equity interest in any other Person and has not agreed or committed to acquire any such interest. Substantially all of the Company Operations are conducted by the Company or the Key Subsidiaries.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Sections 10.09 and 10.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties, Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and the Lenders and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that is not timely cured within an applicable cure period hereunder, the interest on this Debenture shall immediately accrue at an interest rate equal to twenty-two percent (22%) per annum or the maximum interest rate allowable by law, and, in addition to all other rights or remedies the Holder may have, at law or in equity, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, accelerate full repayment of all principal amounts outstanding hereunder, together with accrued interest thereon, together with all attorneys' fees, paralegals' fees and costs and expenses incurred by the Holder in collecting or enforcing payment hereof (whether such fees, costs or expenses are incurred in negotiations, all trial and appellate levels, administrative proceedings, bankruptcy proceedings or otherwise), and together with all other sums due by the Company hereunder and under the Transaction Documents, all without any relief whatsoever from any valuation or appraisement laws, and payment thereof may be enforced and recovered in whole or in part at any time by one or more of the remedies provided to the Holder at law, in equity, or under this Debenture or any of the other Transaction Documents. In connection with the Holder's rights hereunder upon an Event of Default, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it in equity or under applicable law.
Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state, local and other tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state, local and other Taxes, assessments, fees and other material governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed material Tax assessment or other claim against, and no material Tax audit with respect to, Holdings or any Subsidiary.
The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in Article IV shall be true and correct in all respects.
The Offeror has taken all actions necessary to authorize it to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement is the valid and binding obligation of the Offeror, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except for the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally and limitations imposed by federal or state law or equitable principles upon the specific enforceability of any of the remedies, covenants or other provisions thereof, and upon the availability of injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (a) to a Qualified Institution in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.6.2 , (b) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.6.4 or (c) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 14.6.6  (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns, Participants to the extent provided in Section 14.6.4  and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of Agents, L/C Issuer and Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Borrower may assign its rights under this Agreement to a Short Term Affiliate Borrower that assumes the assigning Borrower’s obligations hereunder.
The Company, by written action of SVP-HR, reserves the right to amend this Plan, in whole or in part, or to discontinue or terminate the Plan, at any time in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment, discontinuance, or termination with respect to Senior Officers must be made by the HR and Compensation Committee, provided that, the SVP-HR may make any amendment that does not materially change benefits or obligations under this Plan. Furthermore, for a period of two years following a Change in Control of the Company, the Plan may not be discontinued or terminated or amended in such a manner that decreases the benefits payable to an Eligible Employee or that makes any provision less favorable for an Eligible Employee.
Each of the Companies has filed or caused to be filed all federal and material other Tax returns required to have been filed by it and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes (whether or not shown on a Tax return and including in the capacity as withholding agent) due and payable by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Company shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. There is no current or proposed material Tax assessment, deficiency or other claim against any of the Companies.
The Closing of the sale of the Property by Seller to Purchaser will occur on the Closing Date, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE, through the escrow established with the Title Company. Seller shall have the right to extend the Closing Date one or more times, to a date no later than thirty (30) days after the scheduled Closing Date to the extent deemed necessary by Seller to satisfy Closing conditions. At Closing, the events set forth in this Article X will occur, it being understood that the performance or tender of performance of all matters set forth in this Article X are mutually concurrent conditions which may be waived by the party for whose benefit they are intended.
Amounts received with respect to a Phantom Stock Award are taxable as regular income upon settlement.  Non-Employee Directors receiving such Awards are solely responsible for payment of all state, federal and local taxes applicable thereto.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investors and their respective successors and assigns.  An Investor may transfer or assign, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more persons its rights hereunder in connection with the transfer of Registrable Securities by such Investor to such person, provided that such Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto, and the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and provides written notice of assignment to the Company promptly after such assignment is effected, and such person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein.
Throughout the Employment Term, Employee shall serve as President & Chief Executive Officer of the Company and shall diligently perform all such services, acts and things as are customarily done and performed by individuals holding such offices of companies in similar businesses and in similar size to the Company, together with such other duties as may reasonably be requested from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company or its designee (the “ Board ”).  Employee shall periodically and regularly report to the Board.
Section 6(d) (Return of Property; Inventions), Section 7 (Reaffirmation of Prior Agreements) (incorporating by reference Sections 5, 6 and 7 of the Employment Agreement), Section 8 (Cooperation), Section 9 (Mutual Non-Disparagement) Section 10 (Representations; Warranties; and Covenants), Section 11 (Independent Contractor) and Sections 13-23 hereof shall survive any termination of this Agreement and shall continue in effect.
All payments made under this Agreement shall be made in U.S. dollars by means of wire transfer to an account designated by AB or CBA, as applicable, from time to time.
The Presidential Parties shall have performed all obligations to be performed by them, and complied with their agreements and covenants to be performed or complied with by them under this Agreement on or prior to the Closing.
Except for fees payable to Lender, no broker, finder or other intermediary has brought about the obtaining, making or closing of the transactions contemplated by the Operative Documents, and no Credit Party has or will have any obligation to any Person in respect of any finder’s or brokerage fees, commissions or other expenses in connection herewith or therewith.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on March 18, 2017; provided, however, that the expiration of this Agreement shall not affect the Employee’s rights to receive any payments or benefits otherwise due as a result of a Separation from Service occurring prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts. All such separate counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by “wet ink” or digital means, and distributed by facsimile, digital or electronic (scanned) means.
The Executive agrees that the Company will suffer irreparable damage and injury and will not have an adequate remedy at law if the Executive breaches any provision of the covenants contained in this Section 6 (the “ Restrictive Covenants ”). Accordingly, if the Executive breaches or threatens or attempts to breach the Restrictive Covenants, in addition to all other available remedies, the Company shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief and no or minimal bond or other security shall be required in connection therewith. The Restrictive Covenants are essential terms and conditions to the Company entering into this Agreement, and they shall be construed as independent of any other provision in this Agreement or of any other agreement between the Executive and the Company. The existence of any claim or cause of action that the Executive has against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the Company’s enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, but subject to Appendix B, which could negate the treatment provided by this Section 5(a) as a result of Section 280G of the Code, in the event of a Defined Termination of a Participant before the Vesting Date, the Participant’s Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable on the date of the Defined Termination for a number of shares based on either (i) the degree of performance under Section 1(c) attained as of the date of the Defined Termination, and/or (ii) the portion of the performance period under Section 1(c) elapsed as of the date of the Defined Termination, as determined by the Committee, and the Participant’s Option shall no longer be subject to the vesting conditions set forth in Section 1(b) or Section 1(c).
Except as necessary for FIG, the Companies, their subsidiaries, and their affiliates, and their respective successors or assigns or Novogratz to specifically enforce or enjoin a breach of this Agreement (to the extent such remedies are otherwise available), the Parties agree that any and all disputes that may arise in connection with, arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be submitted to binding arbitration in New York, New York, according to the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Parties agree that each Party shall bear its or his own expenses incurred in connection with any such dispute. This arbitration obligation extends to any and all claims that may arise by and between the Parties or their subsidiaries or their affiliates and their respective successors or assigns. The Parties agree that any pending or contemplated arbitration hereunder may be consolidated with any prior arbitration arising under this agreement to arbitrate or an agreement to arbitrate set forth in the Separation Agreement for the purposes of efficiency and to avoid the possibility of inconsistent awards. An application for such consolidation may be made by any party to this Agreement or the Separation Agreement to the tribunal for the prior arbitration. The tribunal to the prior arbitration shall, after providing all interested parties the opportunity to comment on such application, order that any such pending or contemplated arbitration be consolidated into a prior arbitration if it determines that (i) the issues in the arbitrations involve common questions of law or fact; (ii) no party to either arbitration shall be prejudiced, whether by delay or otherwise, by the consolidation; (iii) any party to the pending or contemplated arbitration which did not join an application for consolidation, or does not consent to such an application, is sufficiently related to the parties in the prior arbitration that their interests were sufficiently represented in the appointment of the tribunal for the prior arbitral tribunal; and (iv) consolidation would be more efficient that separate arbitral proceedings.
The amounts payable under this Agreement are intended to be exempt or excluded from the application of Code Section 409A, or are otherwise intended to avoid the incurrence of tax penalties under Code Section 409A and, with respect to amounts payable under this Agreement that are subject to Code Section 409A, this Agreement shall in all respects be administered in accordance with Code Section 409A. Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement. Prior to the Change in Control but within the time period permitted by the applicable Treasury Regulations (or such later time as may be permitted under Code Section 409A or any IRS or Department of Treasury rules or other guidance issued thereunder), the Company may, in consultation with the Executive, modify the Agreement, in the least restrictive manner necessary and without any diminution in the value of the payments to the Executive, in order to avoid the incurrence of tax penalties under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, its affiliates nor their respective boards of directors shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties, or other similar monetary amounts owed by Executive or other taxpayers as a result of the Agreement.
Assuming the consents described in clauses (a) through (g) of Section  4.6 are obtained, the execution and delivery by the Company and, if applicable, any other Debtor, of this Agreement, the Plan and the other Transaction Agreements, the compliance by the Company and, if applicable, any other Debtor, with the provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein will not (a) conflict with, or result in a breach, modification or violation of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both), or result, except to the extent specified in the Plan, in the acceleration of, or the creation of any Lien under, or cause any payment or consent to be required under any Contract to which any Debtor will be bound as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the Plan or to which any of the property or assets of any Debtor will be subject as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the Plan, (b) result in any violation of the provisions of any of the Debtors’ organizational documents (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, a breach or default that would be triggered as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases or the Company’s or any Debtor’s undertaking to implement the Restructuring through the Chapter 11 Cases), or (c) result in any violation of any Law or Order applicable to any Debtor or any of their properties, except in each of the cases described in clause (a) or (c) for any conflict, breach, modification, violation, default, acceleration or Lien which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Each party to this Agreement agrees to perform all further acts and to execute and deliver all further documents as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement.
Guarantor (i) waives any right or claim of right to cause a marshalling of Borrower’s assets or to cause Bank to proceed against any of the security for the Debt, including, without limitation, the Loan, the Obligations or the other obligations guaranteed hereby before proceeding against Guarantor, (ii) agrees that any payments required to be made by Guarantor hereunder shall become due on demand in accordance with the terms of Section 2 (and if applicable Section 3) hereof and without presentment to Borrower or Guarantor, demand for payment or protest, or notice of non-payment or protest, and (iii) except as hereinafter provided, expressly waives and relinquishes all rights and remedies accorded by applicable law to guarantors. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Guarantor hereby waives all rights (x) to participate in any claim or remedy Bank may now or hereafter have against Borrower or in any collateral which Bank, now has or hereafter may acquire for the obligations guaranteed hereby and (y) except as provided below, to contribution, indemnification, set-off, exoneration or reimbursement, whether from Borrower, any Other Guarantor, or any other Person now or hereafter primarily or secondarily liable for any of Borrower’s obligations to Bank, and whether arising by contract or operation of law or otherwise by reason of Guarantor’s execution, delivery or performance of this Guaranty. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Documents, Guarantor shall not waive, and hereby retains, all rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnification, set-off or reimbursement against Borrower or any Other Guarantor that Guarantor may have (the “ Undersigned’s Rights ”); provided however that (i) this Guaranty shall neither be contingent upon the existence of the Undersigned’s Rights nor subject to any claims or defenses whatsoever which may be asserted in connection with the enforcement or attempted enforcement of the Undersigned’s Rights including, without limitation, any claim that the Undersigned’s Rights were abrogated by any acts of Bank, and (ii) until the Debt and all other amounts guaranteed hereunder (including, without limitation, the Loan and the other Obligations) shall have been paid in full or until the Guarantor is otherwise released from its obligations under this Guaranty, Guarantor hereby postpones and subordinates (A) the exercise of any and all of the Undersigned’s Rights to Bank’s rights against Guarantor under this Guaranty, against Borrower under any of the Loan Documents, or any Other Guarantor and (B) any of the Undersigned’s Rights to any collateral securing the Debt, including, without limitation, the Loan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except during the existence of an Event of Default, Guarantor shall be entitled to receive and retain indirect distributions from Borrower made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Borrower’s organizational documents and otherwise permitted under the Loan Agreement.
(a) Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(a) Except as has not been and would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Foxtail Business, neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is currently, and neither has been since January 1, 2011, in default under or in breach or violation of any applicable Laws or the provisions of any permit, license or approval issued by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Foxtail Business. None of the Governmental Approvals required for the continued conduct of the Foxtail Business as such business is currently being conducted will lapse, terminate, expire or otherwise be impaired as a result of the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Ancillary Agreements, except as has not been and would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Foxtail Business.
During the Term of this Agreement, Mr. Clarkson shall be reimbursed by the Bank for all reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder, and all such reimbursements shall be paid in accordance with the reimbursement policies of the Bank in effect from time to time.
A waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver or estoppel of any subsequent breach by such breaching party. No waiver s hall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company or the Executive, as applicable.
The Employers shall maintain in effect for the Employee, at the Employers’ sole expense, life insurance equal to three (3) times the Employee’s Base Salary, subject to the terms of the insurance plan specific to him.  If the Employee’s benefit limits exceed the amount available under the Employers’ group insurance plan, then the Employee will be entitled to Employer-paid coverage under a different plan, in addition to or in lieu of the group insurance plan, to accommodate the difference.
(i) All foreign, Federal, provincial, and material state and local tax returns and other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been filed, or extensions have been obtained, and (ii) all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party in an aggregate amount for all such Taxes exceeding $2,000,000 that have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except to the extent contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty, fine or Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP.
The Executive shall be entitled to up to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation per year, and any additional other leave time as is provided for under the Company's personnel policies applicable to executives of the Company. The Company encourages the taking of vacation time during the year in which the vacation time is earned. At the end of any calendar year unused vacation days will be forfeited.
To the extent not preempted by federal law, the Program, and all Award or other agreements hereunder, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the state of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws.
After the end of the Performance Period, the Committee administering any Performance Awards intended to constitute “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code shall certify the amount, if any, of the Performance Share Award otherwise payable to each Participant. The Committee (or other committee administering such awards) may, in its discretion, reduce the amount of a settlement otherwise to be made in connection with such Performance Share Awards but may not exercise discretion to increase any such amount payable to an employee who has received a Performance Share Award intended constitute “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code.
As of the Effective Date, this letter constitutes the final, complete and exclusive agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and replaces and supersedes any and all other agreements, offers or promises, whether oral or written, made to you by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, or assigns (including, without limitation, the Original Employment Letter).
The Participant acknowledges having read and understood the Company’s policies on confidentiality as set forth in the Company’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, the Employee Handbook, and the Policy on Trading in Securities (collectively, the “ Confidentiality Policies ”) and hereby agrees that during the Participant’s employment with the Company and its Affiliates and any time thereafter, the Participant will continue to abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Policies, including with respect to any materials or information received in connection with the RSUs.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument binding upon all of the parties. For purposes of this Agreement, facsimile signatures (including in .pdf, .jpg or other electronic format) shall be deemed originals.
No waiver by either party at any time of any breach by the other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party, shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time.
This Guaranty may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Any provision of this Security Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  The parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.
The RSUs subject to the RSU Award shall vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice.  Unless and until the RSUs have vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, Participant will have no right to any distribution with respect to such RSUs.  In the event of Participant’s Termination of Service prior to the vesting of all of the RSUs, any unvested RSUs will terminate automatically without any further action by the Company and be forfeited without further notice and at no cost to the Company.
There are no restrictions in any Organization Document governing any Pledged Equity or any other document related thereto which would limit or restrict (i) the grant of a Lien pursuant to this Agreement on such Pledged Equity, (ii) the perfection of such Lien or (iii) the exercise of remedies in respect of such perfected Lien in the Pledged Equity as contemplated by this Agreement. Except for (i) the filing or recording of UCC financing statements, (ii) the filing of appropriate notices with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office, (iii) obtaining control to perfect the Liens created by this Agreement (to the extent required under Section   4(a) hereof), (iv) such actions as may be required by Laws affecting the offering and sale of securities, (v) such actions as may be required by applicable foreign Laws affecting the pledge of the Pledged Equity of Foreign Subsidiaries and (vi) consents, authorizations, filings or other actions which have been obtained or made, no consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any arbitrator or Governmental Authority and no consent of any other Person (including, without limitation, any stockholder, member or creditor of such Obligor), is required for (A) the grant by such Obligor of the security interest in the Collateral granted hereby or for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by such Obligor, (B) the perfection of such security interest (to the extent such security interest can be perfected by filing under the UCC, the granting of control (to the extent required under Section   4(a) hereof) or by filing an appropriate notice with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office) or (C) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the holders of the Secured Obligations of the rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement.
This  agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Nebraska without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws applied thereby, and shall supersede any and all prior written or oral agreements between the parties hereto.  No change, modification, alteration, or addition to any provision of this Letter of Intent shall be binding unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each of the parties hereto.
The Plan, the granting and payment with respect to any Phantom Shares, and any obligations of the Company under the Plan, shall be subject to all applicable federal, state and foreign country laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. The Company, in its discretion, may postpone the granting and payment with respect to any Phantom Shares, and neither the Company nor its directors or officers shall have any obligation or liability to you with respect to any Phantom Shares that shall lapse because of such postponement.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties (including by means of electronic delivery of facsimile or .pdf signatures).
If any term or other provision of this Agreement or the Exhibits attached hereto or thereto is determined by a nonappealable decision by a court, administrative agency or arbitrator to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the Transactions is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the court, administrative agency or arbitrator shall interpret this Agreement so as to affect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the Transactions are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible. If any sentence in this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only as broad as is enforceable.
This Agreement, along with any other terms incorporated by reference herein, contains the entire agreement between the Parties, and shall be considered and understood to be a contractual commitment and not a mere recital. No covenants, agreements, representations, or warranties of any kind whatsoever, whether express or implied in law or fact, have been made by any party to this Agreement, except as specifically set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and understandings, whether written or oral, pertaining to the subject matter hereof.
In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may have as Directors or officers, Directors and officers to whom authority to act for the Board or the Company is delegated shall be indemnified by the Company against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal therein, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan, or any right granted hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by independent legal counsel selected by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such person is liable for gross negligence, bad faith or intentional misconduct in duties; provided, however, that within sixty (60) days after the institution of such action, suit or proceeding, such person shall offer to the Company, in writing, the opportunity at its own expense to handle and defend the same.
The Company agrees to pay or cause to be paid to Executive during the Employment Term a base salary at the rate of $1,155,000 per annum or such increased amount in accordance with this Section 3(a) (hereinafter referred to as the “ Base Salary ”). Such Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company’s customary practices applicable to its executives. Such Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually by the Board or by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “ Committee ”), and may be increased in the sole discretion of the Committee, but not decreased.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, are an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
This Guaranty may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Guaranty.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Guaranty by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g. “pdf” or “tif”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Guaranty.
As of the date hereof, the Parent has no Subsidiaries except those listed in Schedule 9.8 ; and the Parent has no direct Subsidiary other than the Company.
This Agreement shall automatically and immediately terminate without notice and no amounts or benefits shall be payable hereunder on the earlier of (i) the effective date of the Executive’s Termination of Employment with the Company if the Executive’s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason prior to any Change in Control, or (ii) the expiration of the Term of this Agreement.
A Participant shall have the right to make one amendment to an Authorization after the end of an Enrollment Period to reduce or to stop the payroll deductions which he or she previously had authorized for the related Purchase Period, and such reduction shall be effective as soon as practicable after the Administrator actually receives such amended Authorization. The Administrator may establish procedures and deadlines by which Participants must make such amendments to an Authorization.
The Joint Venture shall continue in existence until terminated pursuant to Article 11 hereof. Except as provided in Article 10 or Article 11 hereof, neither Member shall withdraw from the Joint Venture for any reason, without obtaining the prior written consent of the other Member.
Such Manufacturer is a corporation or other entity, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation or organization.
No (i) monetary default, breach or violation exists with respect to any agreement or other document governing or pertaining to the REO Subsidiary Interests or Transaction Subsidiary Interests, or (ii) event which, with the passage of time or with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a default, breach or violation of the REO Subsidiary Interests or Transaction Subsidiary Interests.
Comply with the requirements of all Laws (including Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions Laws and Regulations) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except if the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. None of Parent or Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, any director, officer, agent or employee of any of the foregoing, (i) is a Designated Person or (ii) is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Actions concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the New York Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such New York Court, or that such Action has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. If either party shall commence a Action to endorse any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such Action shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorney’s fees and other reasonable costs and expenses incurred with the investigation preparation and prosecution of such Action.
Unless compelled by law, you will not directly or indirectly make, or authorize or encourage others to make, any statement, written or oral, that would foreseeably harm the reputation of the Company or its directors, officers or employees, or that would foreseeably harm the Company’s business operations.
In the event of any change in corporate capitalization (including, but not limited to, a change in the number of Shares outstanding), such as a stock split or a corporate transaction, such as any merger, consolidation, separation, including a spin-off, or other distribution of stock or property of the Company, any reorganization, or any partial or complete liquidation of the Company, the Committee shall make such adjustments or substitution in the aggregate number and kind of Shares credited to each Participant’s Account as it may determine to be appropriate in its sole discretion.
For a period of 12 months following the termination of the Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason, the Executive shall provide reasonable cooperation in connection with any action or proceeding (or any appeal from any action or proceeding) which relates to events during the Executive’s employment hereunder of which the Executive has knowledge. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for the Executive’s reasonable travel expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing, in accordance with the Company’s policies (and consistent with the Executive’s travel practices during the Executive’s employment with the Company) and subject to the delivery of reasonable support for such expenses. Any such requests for cooperation shall be subject to the Executive’s business and personal schedule and the Executive shall not be required to cooperate against his own legal interests or the legal interests of his employer or partners or business ventures. In the event the Executive reasonably determines that he needs separate legal counsel in connection with his cooperation, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the reasonable costs of such counsel as soon as practicable (and in any event within thirty (30) days) following its receipt of an invoice for such costs. In the event the Executive is required to cooperate for more than eight (8) hours in any 12-month period, the Executive shall be paid an hourly consulting fee in an amount mutually agreed between the Company and Executive at the time.
Except as disclosed on Schedule 8.7 , (a) no Company ( other than as a creditor or claimant) is subject to, or aware of the threat of, any Litigation (i) that is reasonably likely to be determined adversely to any Company and, if so adversely determined, shall result in a Material Adverse Event, or (ii) that purports to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Paper, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, (b) no outstanding or unpaid judgments against any Company exist, and (c) no Company is a party to, or bound by, any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or consent decree relating to any past or present practice, omission, activity, or undertaking which constitutes a Material Adverse Event.
If any provision of this Agreement is held by final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall be enforced. In addition, the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision shall be deemed to be automatically modified, and, as so modified, to be included in this Agreement, such modification being made to the minimum extent necessary to render the provision valid, legal and enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if the severed or modified provision concerns all or a portion of the essential consideration to be delivered under this Agreement by one party to the other, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall also be modified to the extent necessary to equitably adjust the parties’ respective rights and obligations hereunder.
If any of the covenants herein shall be held unenforceable or declared invalid for any reason whatsoever, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any remaining provisions of the Agreement and such unenforceable, or invalid portion shall be severable from the remainder of this Agreement.
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Amendment, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in any Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Revolving Facility Amendment Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Amendment or any other Loan Document against Holdings or the Borrower or their respective properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
(a) The Parent shall take, and cause each other Loan Party to take, such actions as are necessary or as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Secured Obligations are (i) secured by first priority, perfected Liens on substantially all of the property (real and otherwise), rights and other assets of the Greens Creek Group with respect to the Greens Creek Mine and the Greens Creek Joint Venture, including a collateral assignment of the Greens Creek Joint Venture Agreement, (ii) secured by all Equity Interests of each Person in the Greens Creek Group; and (iii) guaranteed by each Guarantor (including (A) upon the acquisition or creation thereof, any Material Domestic Subsidiary acquired or created after the Effective Date, and (B) subject to the terms of Section 5.16 , Aurizon), in each case as the Administrative Agent may determine, including (x) the execution and delivery of guaranties, security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, collateral access agreements, financing statements and other documents, and the filing or recording of any of the foregoing and (y) the delivery of certificated securities and other Collateral with respect to which perfection is obtained by possession.
Neither Parent nor any Borrower will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on or with respect to any of its assets, of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens.
The parties recognize that irreparable injury will result from a breach of any provision of this Agreement and that money damages would be inadequate to fully remedy the injury.  Accordingly, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of one or more of the provisions of this Agreement, any party that may be injured (in addition to any other remedies that may be available to that party) shall be entitled (without the need to post any bond, surety, or other security) to one or more preliminary or permanent orders (a) restraining and enjoining any act that would constitute a breach or (b) compelling the performance of any obligation that, if not performed, would constitute a breach.
This Agreement, together with the 2016 LTIP (the terms of which are made a part of this Agreement and are incorporated into this Agreement by reference), constitute the entire agreement between you and Delta with respect to the Award.
This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective when executed by Borrowers and Lender the Lenders .
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or when telecopied (with confirmation of transmission received by the sender), three (3) business days after being sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested or one (1) business day after being delivered to a nationally recognized overnight courier with next day delivery specified to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice): Company: Sirius XM Holdings Inc., 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10020, Attention: General Counsel; and Executive: Address on file at the office of the Company. Notices sent by email or other electronic means not specifically authorized by this Agreement shall not be effective for any purpose of this Agreement.
The Parties agree to cooperate fully and execute any and all supplementary documents and to take all additional actions which may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to give full force and effect to the terms and intent of this Agreement.
On the Closing Date, the Company shall instruct its transfer agent to transfer the Shares to Purchasers in book entry form in such name(s) as Purchasers may designate, and Purchasers shall cause wire transfers in same day funds to be sent to the account of the Company as instructed in writing by the Company, in the amount of the applicable Purchase Price.
There is no action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, other Governmental Entity, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Common Stock or any of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ officers or directors , whether of a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their capacities as such, except as set forth in Schedule 3(r).  No director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has willfully violated 18 U.S.C. §1519 or engaged in spoliation in reasonable anticipation of litigation.  To the best of its knowledge, the Company is not aware of any fact which might result in or form the basis for any such action, suit, arbitration, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Entity.
This Patent Security Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of State of New York.
Neither Parent nor the Borrower will, nor will the Borrower permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, pay any funds to or for the account of, make any investment in, lease, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets, tangible or intangible, to, or participate in, or effect, any transaction with, any Affiliate (other than Parent, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) unless such transaction is on terms and conditions reasonably fair to Parent, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith judgment of the Borrower or Parent; provided that the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.11 shall not prohibit Parent, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary from (i) declaring or making any lawful distribution so long as, after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result therefrom, (ii) issuing and maintaining letters of credit, guaranties and sureties as contingent obligations on behalf of Affiliates, (iii) making any Permitted MLP Asset Transfer, (iv) the payment of funds and making of capital contributions, loans and other transfers of money to Affiliates or to other Persons on behalf of such Affiliates, including payments made under letters of credit, guaranties and surety bonds issued and maintained on behalf of Affiliates, provided that the aggregate amount for all such payments and transfers referred to in this clause (iv)  does not exceed $500,000,000 at any time outstanding (calculated at such time after giving effect to any repayments to the Borrower by, or on behalf of, such Affiliates for any such payment of funds and making of capital contributions, loans and other transfers of money) or (v) any transaction permitted by Section 5.09(a) or by either of the parenthetical provisions in Section 5.09(b) .
The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid on or before the Incremental Agreement No. 1 Effective Date, and all expenses required to be paid on or before the Incremental Agreement No. 1 Effective Date for which invoices have been timely presented, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel.
Executive shall not, at any time during the Period of Employment or at any time thereafter (including following a termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily, or due to death or disability) make statements or representations, or otherwise communicate, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or otherwise, or take any action which may, directly or indirectly, disparage or be damaging to the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations, nor shall members of the Board of Directors or the Company’s Chief Executive Officer make any such statements or representations regarding Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive, members of the Board of Directors, or the Company’s Chief Executive Officer from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process.
Each Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create or acquire any additional Subsidiary unless such Borrower gives prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of such creation or acquisition and complies with Section  10.1.13 . Each Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary except in compliance with Section 10.2.9(c) and except that Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries owned on the Closing Date may be sold, assigned or otherwise disposed of in connection with Asset Dispositions permitted by Section  10.2.9(k) .
The Company maintains insurance underwritten by insurers of recognized financial responsibility, of the types and in the amounts that the Company reasonably believes is adequate for its business, including insurance covering all real and personal property owned or leased by the Company against theft, damage, destruction, acts of vandalism and all other risks customarily insured against, with such deductibles as are customary for companies in the same or similar business, all of which insurance is in full force and effect.
This Irrevocable Proxy may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile, portable document format (.pdf) or other electronic transmission), which together shall constitute one and the same Irrevocable Proxy. The parties may execute more than one copy of the Irrevocable Proxy, each of which shall constitute an original.
The Company agrees to indemnify, exonerate and hold free and harmless the Service Provider and each of its partners, shareholders, members, controlling persons, Affiliates, directors, officers, fiduciaries, managers, employees and agents and each of the partners, shareholders, members, controlling persons, Affiliates, directors, officers, fiduciaries, managers, employees, agents and professional advisors of each of the foregoing (collectively, “ Related Persons ” and, together with the Service Provider , the “ Indemnitees ”) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses (including any expense relating to enforcement of rights and obligations hereunder and reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred in connection with the investigation, settlement and/or defense thereof, including in respect of third party claims), awards or settlements incurred by an Indemnitee (a “ Loss ”, provided that, for avoidance of doubt, the term “Loss” shall not be deemed to include any diminution in value of the investment by the Service Provider’s affiliated investment funds (including without limitation members of the PSPIB Group and their Affiliates), directly or indirectly, in the Company) before or after the date of this Agreement and arising out of, resulting from, or relating to: (23) this Agreement or the Services provided hereunder, (23) the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (23) any advice or other Services provided by the Service Provider to the Company whether before, after or on the date hereof or (23) any indemnities or “hold harmless” obligations entered into by the Service Provider or any of its Related Persons with any auditor, service providers, consultant or other person in connection with the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement; provided , that the Company will only be required to indemnify, exonerate and hold free and harmless such Indemnitees from such Losses to the extent that such Losses are attributable to the actions or omissions of or otherwise attributable to the Company; provided further , that the foregoing indemnification rights shall not be available to the extent that (a) any such Losses are incurred as a result of such Indemnitee’s willful misconduct or fraud or (b) subject to the rights of contribution provided for below, to the extent indemnification for any Losses would violate any applicable law or regulation, in each case, as determined by a final non-appealable ruling of a court of competent jurisdiction. In any action, suit or proceeding against any Indemnitee relating to or arising out of, or alleged to relate to or to arise out of, any such action or non-action, the Indemnitee shall have the right jointly to employ, at the expense of the Company, counsel of the Indemnitee’s choice, which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, in such action, suit or proceeding. The indemnification rights contained in this Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to any and all other rights, remedies and recourse to which an Indemnitee, its heirs, successors, assignees and administrators are entitled. The indemnification provided in this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the heirs, successors, assignees and administrators of each of the Indemnitees. If the indemnification provided for above is unavailable in respect of any Losses, then, in lieu of indemnifying an Indemnitee, the Company agrees to contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company on the one hand, and such Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the actions which resulted in such Losses, as well as any other equitable considerations.
Except as expressly provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a written instrument referencing this Agreement and signed by the Company and the Investors.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: (i) 5,112,861,525 authorized shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 125,539,621 shares are issued and outstanding; and (ii) no authorized shares of Preferred Stock, 52,211,321 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company’s stock option plans, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than the Note) exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock , except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Documents, and 23,300,000 shares are reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Note. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Documents), (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti- dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Note or the Conversion Shares. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (“Certificate of Incorporation”), the Company’s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the “By-laws”), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. The Company shall provide the Buyer with a written update of this representation signed by the Company’s Chief Executive on behalf of the Company as of the Closing Date.
If Executive should die during the Term of Employment, this Agreement will terminate. No further amounts or benefits shall be payable except earned but unpaid base salary, accrued but unpaid vacation, unreimbursed expenses, and those benefits that may vest in accordance with the controlling documents for other relevant Company benefits programs, which shall be paid in accordance with the terms of such other Company benefit programs, including the terms governing the time and manner of payment (the “Accrued Benefits”). In addition, Executive shall be eligible for a prorated annual bonus/incentive payment regardless of the number of days Executive was employed by Company during the year and the amount of such bonus/incentive payment shall be calculated in accordance with the then-applicable bonus plan, as modified by the foregoing.
Tenant represents and warrants that it has dealt with no broker or other party entitled to a commission or broker’s fee in connection with this Amendment other than Landlord or Landlord’s managing agent and Newmark Grubb Knight Frank, exclusively representing Tenant for the purpose of this Amendment only, and hereby agrees to indemnify Landlord for any other claims for commissions or broker’s fees by any parties based on dealing with Tenant in connection with this Amendment.
Pieris shall have the right to participate in and to be represented by counsel of its choice, in an enforcement action that involves Enumeral IP and relates to a Product under Section 11.3(a)(ii). Enumeral agrees to keep Pieris informed concerning any such enforcement action, to consult with Pieris concerning litigation strategy, and to give good faith consideration to Pieris’s comments and requests concerning such action. In all such enforcement actions, the Parties shall cooperate with and assist each other in all reasonable respects.
Upon (i) termination of this Agreement by Purchaser as a result of VIVUS’ uncured material breach, (ii) in the event of a Supply Disruption, (iii) upon mutual agreement of the Parties on a Supply Chain Transfer Plan in accordance with  Section 6.2 of the License Agreement, (iv) in the event that VIVUS provides a notice to Purchaser under Section ‎2.8 , (v) upon an event of Force Majeure preventing the timely supply of Product hereunder for a period anticipated to exceed *** ,  or (vi) upon a breach by VIVUS which permits Purchaser to terminate this Agreement,  VIVUS shall provide Purchaser with such assistance and any VIVUS Know-How Controlled by VIVUS, as reasonably necessary for manufacturing, formulating and/or packaging of the Product, as the case may be (a “ Technology Transfer ”).  In connection with the foregoing, Purchaser shall be permitted to consult with VIVUS’ technical personnel on the specified manufacturing activities and, to the extent necessary, VIVUS shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to permit Purchaser to consult with VIVUS’ Third Party manufacturers.  Purchaser, in its sole discretion, shall choose whether to exercise its rights in connection with a Technology Transfer.
Except as provided in the next sentence, this Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein and may not be modified, except as provided in the Plan or in a written document signed by each of the parties hereto, and may be rescinded only by a written agreement signed by both parties. This Agreement and Plan may be modified or superseded by the specific provisions, if any, of a written agreement, plan or other arrangement (regardless of whether entered into or established before, concurrently or after the date of this Agreement) of the Company or an Affiliate that is applicable to the Participant, to the extent such an agreement, plan or other arrangement provides a greater benefit to the Participant and otherwise does not cause the payments hereunder to fail to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code.
Each Party agrees to execute and deliver to the other such additional documents and instruments, and to do and perform such other acts and things, as may be reasonably necessary for effecting the transactions contemplated herein.
The parties acknowledge that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement, including Section 6.1, were not performed in accordance with its specific terms or were otherwise breached. The parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions of this Agreement, including Section 6.1, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court having jurisdiction, such remedy being in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled at law or in equity.
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will result in any material violation of (a) the charter and by-laws of the Company, and (b) any applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation or any applicable order of any court or Governmental Authority, which violation, conflict or default would have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, properties, financial condition or results of operations of the Company or on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder.
All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on CAD Term Loans , all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower with respect to principal and interest on CAD Term Loans shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Term Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office in Canadian Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date such payment is to be made on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in Canadian Dollars, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of such Canadian Dollar payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer after 2:00 p.m. shall (i) 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars or (ii) the Applicable Time specified to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date any such payment is to be made in the case of payments in Canadian Dollars, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
In reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date in the manner provided in this Section 1 .
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintains insurance policies with reputable insurers that cover such risks and contain such policy limits, types of coverage as are adequate to insure against risks to which the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective employees, business, properties and other assets would reasonably be expected to be exposed to in the operation of the business as currently conducted. All of these policies are valid and enforceable policies, all premiums due and payable under all these policies have been paid and the Company and its Subsidiaries are otherwise in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the policies. None of these policies is void or voidable and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has done anything or omitted to do anything that would make any policy void or voidable. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has no Knowledge of any threatened termination of, or material premium increase with respect to, any of these policies. No material claim is outstanding under any of these policies and no event has occurred and, to the Company’s Knowledge, no circumstance exists that gives rise or is likely to give rise to a material claim under any policy. The Company has made available to the Investors a copy of each insurance policy maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before May 6, 2016; provided , however , that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.06(a) and (b) , Administrative Agent shall record such substitution or payment in the Register, whereupon (i) in the case of any payment in full of an Affected Lender, such Affected Lender’s Commitments shall be terminated and (ii) in the case of any substitution of an Affected Lender, (A) such Affected Lender shall sell and be relieved of, and the Substitute Lender shall purchase and assume, all rights and claims of such Affected Lender under the Loan Documents, except that the Affected Lender shall retain such rights under the Loan Documents that expressly provide that they survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments, (B) such Affected Lender shall no longer constitute a “Lender” hereunder and such Substitute Lender shall become a “Lender” hereunder and (C) such Affected Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption to evidence such substitution; provided , however , that the failure of any Affected Lender to execute any such Assignment and Assumption shall not render such sale and purchase (or the corresponding assignment) invalid.
Notwithstanding any provisions of Section 11.01 to the contrary, with the consent of the Incremental Revolving Lenders, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (and without the consent of the other Lenders), this Agreement may be amended to give effect to an Incremental Revolving Commitment; provided that the terms applicable to each Incremental Revolving Commitment shall be identical to the Revolving Commitments other than fees that may be payable to such Incremental Revolving Lenders.
Good Times shall employ the Executive as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Good Times Board of Directors.  During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive shall devote his best efforts to the business and affairs of Good Times and shall devote substantially all of his business time to perform his duties hereunder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, with the prior approval of the Board, the Executive may devote a reasonable portion of his time to serve on boards of directors, boards of managers or boards of trustees, or committees thereof, of companies or organizations involving no conflict of interest with the interests of Good Times.  The Executive shall further be entitled to have investments in other business enterprises, provided however he shall not have any investment or financial interest in any business enterprise which conducts business activities directly competitive with any business activities conducted by Good Times now or at any time during the Term or Additional Terms of this Agreement (other than an investment of no more than one percent of any class of equity securities of a company which conducts business activities directly competitive with any business activities of Good Times provided that those securities are publicly traded).
Isle shall indemnify Employee and hold Employee harmless to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law from and against any and all claims, liabilities and losses Employee may suffer arising in connection with Employee’s employment as an officer of the Company as set forth herein, subject to the exceptions set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law.  The agreement of the Company set forth in this Section 5(i) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Material Subsidiaries to, comply with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
If any provision, section, paragraph or subparagraph of this Agreement is adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be void, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such adjudication shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, including any other provision, section, paragraph or subparagraph.  Each provision, section, paragraph and subparagraph of this Agreement is separable from every other provision, section, paragraph and subparagraph, and constitutes a separate and distinct covenant.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to principles or conflicts of law and any proceedings arising among the parties in any manner pertaining or relating to this Agreement shall be heard solely in the state and/or federal courts located in New York. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the transactions contemplated hereby shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the “New York Courts”). Each party hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any court, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it hereunder and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating hereto. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions hereof, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
Each Loan Party and each other Material Subsidiary is in compliance with each Governmental Approval and all other Applicable Laws relating to it except for non-compliances which, and Governmental Approvals the failure to possess which, could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.
The captions and headings of this agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.
Notices, consents and other communications provided for herein shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing and given as provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. Communications and notices to any Guarantor shall be given to it at its address set forth in Schedule A hereto.
The Company will notify the Shareholder one Business Day in advance prior to making any required press release or public announcement with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Without the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned, and the request for which shall be timely responded to), neither the Shareholder, 180 nor the Company, at any time make, and each will direct its Representatives not to make, directly or indirectly, any public comment, statement, or communication with respect to, or otherwise disclose or permit the disclosure of the existence of discussions regarding, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement among the parties (including without limitation those of the Letter of Intent).
During the Term, Executive shall devote Executive’s full-time efforts during normal business hours to Olin’s business and affairs, except during vacation periods in accordance with Olin’s vacation policy and periods of illness or incapacity.  Nothing in this Agreement will preclude Executive from devoting reasonable periods required for service as a director or a member of any organization involving no conflict of interest with Olin’s interest, provided that no additional position as director or member shall be accepted by Executive during the period of Executive’s employment with Olin without its prior consent.
A Participant shall always be 100% vested in the amounts credited to his Account hereunder.
All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings set forth in the Plan, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context.
Within 30 days following the conclusion of the Vesting Period, Grantee shall receive a number of shares of Stock (in certificate or book entry form and rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the number of Performance Stock Units with respect to which the Performance Criteria have been satisfied; provided, however, that if the Grantee’s service with the Company and its Subsidiaries ends earlier than the end of the Vesting Period under circumstances that entitle the Grantee to payment, then the time of payment and the number of shares that the Grantee will receive will be determined in accordance with the Governing Documents. Any non-vested Performance Stock Units will be forfeited by Grantee and no benefits will be payable under this Agreement with respect to such non-vested Performance Stock Units.
All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent, each Issuer and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent, any Issuer or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuer or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (ii) Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements and Cash Management Obligations).
This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of NEW yORK .
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance with its terms and conditions, will (a) violate, conflict with, result in the breach of, constitute a default under, be prohibited by, or require any additional approval under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of the articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational documents of Oversight Servicer, as applicable, or of any mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, or other agreement or instrument to which Oversight Servicer is a party or by which Oversight Servicer is bound, or of any law, ordinance, rule, or regulation of any governmental authority applicable to Oversight Servicer, or of any order, judgment, or decree of any court or governmental authority applicable to Oversight Servicer, or (b) result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge, or encumbrance of any nature upon the Mortgage Loans or the properties or assets of Oversight Servicer.
The Escrow Agent shall be indemnified and held harmless by ISS and the Stockholders’ Representative from and against any expenses, including counsel fees and disbursements, or loss suffered by the Escrow Agent in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding involving any claim or interpretation which in any way, directly or indirectly, arises out of or relates to this Escrow Agreement, the services of the Escrow Agent hereunder, or the Escrowed Consideration held by it hereunder, other than expenses or losses arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Escrow Agent. Promptly after the receipt by the Escrow Agent of notice of any demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, the Escrow Agent shall notify the other Parties hereto in writing.
Except as described in Schedule 7 to the Pricing Letter or as otherwise set forth in a certificate delivered pursuant to Section 12(d)(ii), there are no actions, suits, arbitrations, investigations (including, without limitation, any of the foregoing which are pending or threatened) or other legal or arbitrable proceedings affecting Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or affecting any of the Repurchase Assets or any of the other properties of Seller before any Governmental Authority which (i) questions or challenges the validity or enforceability of the Facility Documents or any action to be taken in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to be adversely determined and if adversely determined, would have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) relates to any violation of the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act or any state, city or district high cost home mortgage or predatory lending law and that would be reasonably likely to be adversely determined and if adversely determined, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the “ SEC Reports ”) on a timely basis (except for its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013) or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (“ GAAP ”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
As of the date hereof, neither AMID nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Law applicable to AMID or its Subsidiaries, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. AMID and its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and neither AMID nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit, except where such potential revocation or modification would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, exclusive of any choice of law rules.
The agreements contained in this Section 6 shall survive the transfer of the Registered Securities by any Purchaser and sale of all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to any registration statement and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Purchaser Indemnified Party.
Licensee shall apply or use all notices and legends, including patent markings, required by applicable law or regulations to preserve and protect the value and validity of any Intellectual Property licensed pursuant to this Agreement, including applying or using any notices or legends reasonably requested by Licensor.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound, or affected, except to the extent that such conflict, default, termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation right would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or any Subsidiary is subject (including, assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investor set forth in Section 3.2 hereof, federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, including all applicable Trading Markets), or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, except to the extent that such violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Servicer is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has all necessary corporate power and authority to own or lease its properties and to carry on its business.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12.4, all representations and warranties made by Buyer and Seller in connection with this Agreement shall survive the Closing. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the liability of all Indemnitors under this Article XII shall terminate on the third (3rd) anniversary of the Closing Date, except with respect to (a) liability for any item as to which, prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Closing Date, any Indemnitee shall have asserted a Claim in writing, which Claim shall identify its basis with reasonable specificity, in which case the liability for such Claim shall continue until it shall have been finally settled, decided or adjudicated, (b) liability of any party for Losses for which such party has an indemnification obligation, incurred as a result of such party’s breach of any covenant or agreement to be performed by such party after the Closing, (c) liability of Seller for Losses incurred by a Buyer Indemnified Party due to breaches of its representations and warranties in Article IV of this Agreement, and (d) liability of Seller for Losses arising out of Third-Party Claims for which Seller has an indemnification obligation, which liability shall survive until the statute of limitation applicable to any third party’s right to assert a Third-Party Claim bars assertion of such claim.
Complete books and records with respect to the ABL Collateral of the Credit Parties are kept at or (in the case of computerized records) can be accessed from the locations set forth on Schedule 3.21 (which Schedule 3.21 shall be promptly updated by the Credit Parties upon notice to Agent as permanent Collateral locations change).
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) . The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced as a result of any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party.  Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner, in order that the transactions contemplated hereby may be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.
The rights and benefits of the Executive under this Agreement may not be anticipated, assigned, alienated or subject to the attachment, garnishment, levy, execution or other legal or equitable process except as required by law. Any attempt by the Executive to so anticipate, alienate, assign, sell, transfer, pledge, encumber or charge the same shall be void.
No oral agreement, statement, promise, undertaking, understanding, arrangement, act or omission of any Party, occurring subsequent to the date hereof may be deemed an amendment or modification of this Settlement Agreement unless reduced to writing and signed by the Parties hereto or their respective successors or assigns.
The provisions of the Plan shall be construed, administered and enforced according to applicable Federal law and the laws of State of Georgia.
Any notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be delivered (a) in person, (b) by a commercial overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery and provides a receipt, (c) by legible facsimile (followed by hard copy delivered in accordance with preceding subsections (a)-(b)) or (d) by electronic mail transmission, and shall be served on the parties at the addresses set forth in Section B . Any of the Parties may change its address for the receipt of notices, demands, consents, requests and other communications by giving written notice to the other Party in the manner provided for above.  Any notice shall be effective only upon receipt (or refusal by the intended recipient to accept delivery).
Provided Operator has complied with all governmental regulations and all terms of the Mineral Lease, then Operator may, by notice to Owner, at any time terminate this Agreement as to all or any portion of the Property. Upon such a termination Operator shall be released from further obligations and liabilities under this Agreement except as to those obligations which have then occurred and become fixed, those obligations which have not been barred by the statute of limitations and those obligations which survive any termination of this Agreement. Any partial termination of this Agreement must describe the portion of the Property to be surrendered under the terms of this Paragraph.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each Borrower hereby severally and unconditionally: (a) waives notice of due diligence, demand, presentment and protest and any notices thereof as well as notice of nonpayment, (b) waives notice of and consents to (i) extensions of time of payment of any Obligation, (ii) change in or taking of or release of Collateral or guarantees, (iii) settlement, compromise or release of, or waiver of, an Event of Default, and (iv) any other act, event or condition that may constitute a defense to the obligation of a surety or guarantor, and (c) waives all statutory, contractual, equitable and other claims against Lender for subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, indemnification, setoff, marshalling, or other recourse in respect of sums paid or payable to Lender by Borrowers hereunder. No delay or omission of Lender to exercise any right or remedy hereunder, whether before or after the happening of any Event of Default, shall impair any such right or shall operate as a waiver thereof or as a waiver of any such Event of Default. No single or partial exercise by Lender of any right or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or preclude any other right or remedy.
This Indenture Supplement may be executed in two or more counterparts (and by different parties on separate counterparts), each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Indenture Supplement by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (in pdf format) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Indenture Supplement.
The parties agree that, except as required by applicable law (including, without limitation, the rules and regulations of the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the Securities and Exchange Commission), no party shall, with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, contact or conduct negotiations with public officials, make any public pronouncements, issue press releases or otherwise furnish information regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby to any third party without the consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  No FVE Party shall trade in the securities of any SNH Party or any of their affiliates, and no SNH Party shall trade in the securities of any FVE Party or any of their affiliates, until a public announcement of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been made.  No party shall record this Agreement or any notice thereof.
Seller has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this APA, to perform its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this APA by Seller and the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action, and no other proceedings on the part of Seller are necessary to authorize this APA or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This APA has been duly executed and delivered by Seller and, assuming the due authorization, execution, and delivery thereof by Purchaser, constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms, except that: (a) such enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting creditors' rights generally; and (b) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.
The descriptive headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof, including the Advisory Agreement. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.
Upon the payment in full of the Loan, as evidenced by the recording of a satisfaction or reconveyance of the Security Instrument, this Agreement shall be void and of no effect.
The Company may withhold from any and all amounts payable under this Agreement or otherwise such federal, state and local taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. In the event that the Company fails to withhold any taxes required to be withheld by applicable law or regulation, the Executive agrees to indemnify the Company for any amount paid with respect to any such taxes, together with any interest, penalty and/or expense related thereto.
All notices and other communications provided for hereunder to be effective must be in writing and either (i) hand delivered or delivered by overnight courier to, or (ii) sent by electronic mail to (as applicable), the addresses or electronic mail addresses set forth on the signature page hereto, or, at such other address as designated by one party to the others in a written notice to the others. Notices and communications delivered by hand or overnight carrier shall be deemed to have been duly given or made (a) on the date when hand delivered, or (b) on the Business Day following delivery to a national overnight courier service (all delivery charges prepaid).Notices and other communications sent to an electronic mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return electronic mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict provision or rule (whether of such state or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the laws of any other jurisdiction to be applied.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it is invalid or in conflict with any law of the relevant jurisdiction, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be construed and enforced as if the Agreement did not contain the particular provisions held to be unenforceable, provided that the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a modification of this Agreement with a view to revising this Agreement in a manner which reflects, as closely as is reasonably practicable, the commercial terms of this Agreement as originally signed.
The foregoing provisions shall govern notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Agreement or any previously executed agreement between the Parties. Except as otherwise expressly provided or modified herein, the (i) terms and conditions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect, and (ii) this Amendment #1 and the Agreement constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between the Parties regarding the subject matter hereof, and supersede all proposals and prior agreements, oral or written, and all other communications.  In the event of a conflict between this Amendment #3 and the Agreement, this Amendment #3 shall govern.
Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(w), each Loan Party owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property rights that are necessary for the operation of its business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Set forth on Schedule 6.01(w) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of each item of Registered Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party (other than, for clarity, domain name registrations). No trademark or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party, infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned by any other Person, and no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or threatened, except for such infringements and conflicts which could not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Loan Guarantee " shall have the meaning provided in Section 9 . 7 .
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, each Party is responsible for its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions under this Agreement.
Except in the matters pending in the Chapter 11 Cases and in connection with the approvals sought from the Public Utility Commission of Texas, there are no Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened against the Purchaser (a) that question the validity of this Agreement or any action taken or to be taken by the Purchaser in connection with, or that seek to enjoin or obtain monetary damages in respect of, this Agreement or the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby or (b) that would reasonably he expected to prevent, restrict or impair or otherwise adversely affect the ability of the Purchaser to perform its obligations under and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal income Tax returns and all other material Tax returns which are required to be filed by any of them and have paid all Taxes due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company or any Subsidiary, except such Taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with the Agreement Accounting Principles, or where the failure to make such payment could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company and the Subsidiaries in respect of any Taxes or other governmental charges have been made in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.
If at any time an Event of Default with respect to a Party has occurred and is continuing, the other party may terminate this Agreement and deem the Expiration Date to have occurred by giving written notice to the Defaulting Party specifying the relevant Event of Default.
For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term “applicable Law” or “applicable Laws” includes FATCA.
The Purchaser (a) is solvent, (b) will not become insolvent as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (c) is capable of paying its debts as they mature, and (d) will remain capable of repaying its debts as they mature after effecting such transactions.
The provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the Closing (and not be merged therein) or earlier termination of this Agreement.
You understand and agree that as a condition for payment to you of the amounts and benefits provided under this Severance Agreement, you shall not make any false, disparaging or derogatory statements to any third party, including, without limitation, any media outlet, industry group, financial institution or current or former employee, consultant, client or customer of the Company regarding the Company, the Company’s employees or consultants, or the Company’s business affairs and financial condition. You agree further that you will not at any time speak or act in any manner that is intended to, or does in fact, damage the goodwill or the business of the Company, or the business or personal reputations of any of the Company’s employees.
The Company employs Employee, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, through the earlier of June 30, 2021 or such date as this Agreement shall terminate or expire as provided herein (the “Term”).
The Company shall provide Executive during the term of his employment hereunder with coverage under all employee pension and compensation programs, plans and practices (commensurate with his positions in the Company and to the extent permitted under any employee benefit plan) in accordance with the terms thereof, which the Company makes available to its senior executives. During the term of Executive’s employment, Executive shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the benefits described above, such perquisites and fringe benefits appertaining to his position in accordance with any practice existing at the Company prior to the Effective Date or as subsequently changed by the Board, which perquisites and fringe benefits will be consistent with past practice. The Executive shall also be entitled to an additional perquisite allowance each year in an amount from time to time determined by the Company’s Compensation Committee in order to cover expenses not covered by the Company’s business expense reimbursement policy. Any additional perquisite allowance for a year shall be paid by the Company to Executive no later than March 15 of the following calendar year.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party hereto shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or Proceeding.
Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular number shall be held to include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context requires otherwise.  In addition, the pronouns used in this Agreement shall be understood and construed to apply whether the party referred to is an individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation or an individual or individuals doing business under a firm or trade name, and the masculine, feminine and neuter pronouns shall each include the other and may be used interchangeably with the same meaning.
All notices to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given on: the date personally or hand delivered; one (1) day after being sent by internationally-recognized overnight delivery courier; and three (3) days after being sent by certified mail, return receipt requested. Notices mailed to Executive shall be sent to Executive’s last home address as reflected in the Company’s personnel records. Executive promptly shall notify Company of any change in Executive’s address. Notices to be issued to the Company shall be directed to the CEO and shall be mailed to the Company’s headquarters.
This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by an instrument in writing specifically referring to the terms to be amended and/or modified and signed by all the Parties.
Because the Company is a Colorado corporation, and because it is mutually agreed that it is in the best interests of the Company and all of its employees that a uniform body of law consistently interpreted be applied to the employment agreements to which the Company is a party, this Agreement will be deemed entered into by the Company and Executive in Colorado. The law of the State of Colorado will govern the interpretation and application of all of the provisions of this Agreement.
If any provision or obligation under this Amendment and the other Loan Documents shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severed from the Loan Documents and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations shall remain in full force as though the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had never been a part of the Loan Documents, provided , however , that if the rate of interest or any other amount payable under the Note or this Amendment or any other Loan Document, or the right of collectability therefore, are declared to be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable, Lender’s obligations to make advances under the Loan Documents shall not be enforceable by Borrower.
The authorized Stock of each Borrower, as of the Closing Date, is set forth on Schedule 7.33 hereto. Pledgor legally and beneficially owns all of the issued and outstanding Stock of each Borrower. All issued and outstanding Stock of the Borrower is duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens or pledges other than Permitted Liens, and such Stock was issued in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws concerning the issuance of securities. No shares of the Stock of Borrower, other than those owned by Pledgor are issued and outstanding. There are no preemptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights or similar agreements or understandings for the purchase or acquisition from Borrower of any equity securities of Borrower.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Any signature page delivered by facsimile or electronic image transmission shall be binding to the same extent as an original signature page.  Any Party that delivers a signature page by facsimile or electronic image transmission shall deliver an original counterpart to any other Party that requests such original counterpart, it being understood and agreed that the failure to deliver any such original counterpart upon request shall not affect the binding nature of the signature page delivered by facsimile or electronic image transmission.
The parties to this Release agree to and will cooperate fully with each other in the performance of this Release and will execute such additional agreements, documents or other instruments as Bigfoot reasonably be required to carry out the intent of this Release.  This Release includes an obligation of good faith in its performance, construction and interpretation.
The masculine gender, when appearing in the Plan, shall include the feminine gender (and vice versa), and the singular shall include the plural, unless the Plan clearly states to the contrary.  Headings and subheadings are for the purpose of reference only and are not to be considered in the construction of the Plan.  If any provision of the Plan is determined to be for any reason invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
Parent Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Borrowers agrees to (i) promptly (and in any event no less than on a monthly basis, ten (10) Business Days after submission of invoices documenting out-of-pocket expenses) pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent and the Arrangers in connection with any matters contemplated by or arising out of the Loan Documents or in connection with the examination, review, due diligence investigation, documentation, negotiation, closing and syndication of the transactions contemplated herein and in connection with the continued administration, (ii) promptly pay reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent for amendments, waivers, consents and any of the documentation prepared by Agent’s external legal counsel, (iii) promptly pay all reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses (including those listed in Section 4.1(f) , reasonable documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of attorneys, auditors (whether internal or external), appraisers (including with respect to the field audits and appraisals contemplated by Section 4.1(f)  which may be conducted by agents of the Agent), consultants and advisors) incurred by Agent or the Arrangers in connection with any Event of Default, work-out or action to enforce any Loan Document or to collect any payments due from Parent Borrower or any other Credit Party and (iv) in connection with any work-out or action to enforce any Loan Document or to collect any payments due from Parent Borrower or any other Credit Party, to promptly pay all fees, charges, costs and expenses incurred by Lenders; provided , however , that (x) in the case of the payment and/or reimbursement by the Borrowers of attorneys’ fees and expenses pursuant to any or all of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), such payment or reimbursement shall be limited to (A) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one (1) counsel acting for all Lenders, the Agent and the Arrangers, taken as a whole, unless (I) there shall exist conflicting legal defenses amongst the Lenders, the Agent and/or the Arrangers or (II) if the interests of any Lender or group of Lenders (other than all of the Lenders) are distinctly or disproportionately affected, then in either case one additional counsel may be appointed and (B) such other local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction as the Agent reasonably determines are necessary or advisable in connection with the creation, perfection, priority and/or enforcement of the Liens granted to the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.  All fees, charges, costs and expenses for which Borrowers are responsible under this Section 1.3(e)  shall be deemed part of the Obligations when incurred, payable upon demand or by the making of a Revolving Credit Advance or Swing Line Advance in accordance with the final sentence of Section 1.4 and secured by the Collateral.  The obligations of Parent Borrower and the other Borrowers set forth in this Section 1.3 are subject to the limitations and other provisions set forth in Section 4.1(f) .
The issuance of this Option (and the Shares upon exercise of this Option) pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to, and shall comply with, any applicable requirements of any foreign and U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the 1934 Act and in each case any respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and any other law or regulation applicable thereto. The Company shall not be obligated to issue this Option or any of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement if any such issuance would violate any such requirements.
Any material representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement shall be false or misleading in any material respect as of the Issue Date, except to the extent such representation or warranty is made as of a different date in which case such representation or warranty shall have been false or misleading in any material respect as of such date.
The execution, delivery and performance by Credit Parties of the Credit Documents to which they are parties and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents do not and will not (a) violate any provision of any Applicable Laws relating to any Credit Party, any of the Organizational Documents of any Credit Party, or any order, judgment or decree of any court or other agency of government binding on any Credit Party; (b) except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any other Contractual Obligations of any Credit Party; (c) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of any Credit Party (other than any Liens created under any of the Credit Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations) whether now owned or hereafter acquired; or (d) require any approval of stockholders, members or partners or any approval or consent of any Person under any Contractual Obligation of any Credit Party.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $5,500,000 of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for “Delivery Versus Payment” (“ DVP ”) settlement with the Company and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Warrant as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers’ names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).
On the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date the Company agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to be employed by the Company, for the term set forth in Section 2 hereof and in the position and with the duties set forth in Section 3 hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, APUS, the Company and the Executive mutually agree that the Executive’s role as an officer of APUS shall terminate on the Effective Date, and that in connection therewith (a) on that date APUS was no longer be deemed to be a party hereto, except that it will continue to be able to enforce its rights arising prior to the date hereof, including with respect to Sections 8 and 9, and (b) the Executive shall not be entitled to any benefits pursuant to Section 10 hereof as a result thereof.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remaining provisions shall remain, nevertheless, in full force and effect.  The parties agree to renegotiate in good faith any term held invalid and to be bound by the mutually agreed substitute provision in order to give the most effect intended by the parties.
Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement will be addressed to the Company in care of the Corporate Secretary at the Company’s corporate headquarters, and any notice to the Participant will be addressed to the Participant at the current address shown on the payroll records of the Company, or to such other address as the Participant may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice will be delivered by hand, sent by facsimile or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service or with an overnight courier.
Parent, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own, license or possess the right to use, all Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for the operation of their businesses as currently conducted, without conflict with the Intellectual Property of any Person, except to the extent such conflicts, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Intellectual Property used by Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the operation of its business as currently conducted infringes upon any rights held by any Person except for such infringements, individually or in the aggregate, which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the Intellectual Property is pending or, to the knowledge of Parent and the Borrower, threatened against Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary, which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to four weeks paid vacation each calendar year, in accordance with the Company’s vacation policy to be taken at such times as may be mutually agreed by Executive and the Company.  Unused vacation in any calendar year shall be carried over to the next calendar year; provided that, in no event shall Executive’s eligible vacation time exceed 8 weeks in any calendar year.  If at any time Executive’s unused vacation exceeds 8 weeks, such excess above 8 weeks will be paid to Executive in cash on the Company’s final regular payroll date that occurs in the calendar quarter in which such excess accrued.  In the event Executive’s employment is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay Executive all accrued, unused vacation, up to a maximum of 8 weeks, on the Company’s first regular payroll date that follows Executive’s termination.
This Amendment Agreement, together with the Loan Documents (collectively, the “ Relevant Documents ”), sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto in relation to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior negotiations and agreements among the parties relating to such subject matter. No promise, condition, representation or warranty, express or implied, not set forth in the Relevant Documents shall bind any party hereto, and no such party has relied on any such promise, condition, representation or warranty. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that, except as otherwise expressly stated in the Relevant Documents, no representations, warranties or commitments, express or implied, have been made by any party to the other in relation to the subject matter hereof or thereof. None of the terms or conditions of this Amendment Agreement may be changed, modified, waived or canceled orally or otherwise, except in writing.
Within ten (10) business days after written request therefor, but not more than once a year, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of the financial statements (including at least a year end balance sheet, a statement of profit and loss, and a statement of cash flows) of Tenant (and of each guarantor of Tenant’s obligations under this Lease) for each of the three most recently completed years, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (and, if such is Tenant’s normal practice, audited by an independent certified public accountant), all then available subsequent interim statements, and such other financial information as may reasonably be required by any Mortgagee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as Tenant is a publicly traded company on an “over-the-counter” market or any recognized national or international securities exchange, the foregoing shall not apply so long as Tenant’s current public annual report (in compliance with applicable securities laws) for such applicable year is available to Landlord in the public domain. At Tenant’s request, Landlord shall enter into a confidentiality agreement with Tenant, which agreement is reasonably acceptable to Landlord and covers confidential financial information provided by Tenant to Landlord.
This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.
LESSEE will secure and carry at its own expense a commercial general liability policy insuring LESSEE, LESSOR and OWNER against any claims based on bodily injury (including death) or property damage arising out of the condition of the leased premises (including any common areas that are considered part of the leased premises hereunder) or their use by LESSEE, including damage by fire or other casualty, such policy to insure LESSEE, LESSOR and OWNER against any claim up to $1,000,000 in the case of any one accident involving bodily injury (including death), and $1,000,000 against any claim for damage to property. This insurance shall be primary to and not contributory with any insurance carried by LESSOR, whose insurance shall be considered excess. LESSOR and OWNER shall be included in each such policy as additional insureds using ISO Form CG 20 26 11 85 or some other form approved by LESSOR, and each such policy shall be written by or with a company or companies satisfactory to LESSOR. Prior to occupancy, LESSEE shall deliver to LESSOR certificates and any applicable riders or endorsements showing that such insurance is in force, and thereafter will provide renewal certificates at least 15 days prior to the expiration of any such policies. All such insurance certificates shall provide that such policies shall not be cancelled without at least 10 days prior written notice to each insured. In the event LESSEE fails to provide or maintain such insurance at any time during the term of this lease, LESSOR may elect to contract for such insurance at LESSEE’s expense.
Each Loan Party shall use the proceeds of the Advances (a) to develop and acquire and for the exploration and production of Oil and Gas Properties, (b) for general corporate purposes, including closing costs and working capital needs, and (c) to payoff the balance owing pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement.  The Borrower shall use the Letters of Credit for general corporate purposes.
Unless otherwise expressly provided herein or the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (a) words of any gender include each other gender, (b) words such as “ herein ” ,   “ hereof ” , and “ hereunder ” refer to this Agreement as a whole and not merely to the particular provision in which such words appear, (c) words using the singular will include the plural, and vice versa, and (d) the words “ include, ”   “ includes ” and “ including ” will be deemed to be followed by the phrase “ but not limited to ’’ ,   “ without limitation ’’ ,   “ inter alia ” or words of similar import, and (e) references to “ Article, ”   “ Section, ” shall be deemed to include all Sections and subsections therein.
Benefits under the Plan may not be assigned.
Landlord bas delivered to Tenant copies of all studies in Landlord's possession concerning the presence of Hazardous Substances on the Premises and will promptly furnish Tenant with a copy of any additional such study that Landlord obtains on or within two months after the Commencement Date. Landlord represents to Tenant that, to Landlord's current actual knowledge (without duty of investigation), there are no Hazardous Substances present on the Premises as of the date of this Lease in any manner or quantity that violates any Environmental Laws. Landlord will indemnify, defend and hold Tenant harmless from and against all damages, costs, losses, expenses (including, without limitation, actual attorneys' fees and engineering fees) arising from or attributable to (i) the existence of any Hazardous Substance at the Premises as a result of the acts of Landlord or its agents, employees or contractors, and (ii) any breach by Landlord of its representation contained in this Section 6.3.
The Executive acknowledges that the Company’s remedy at law for a breach by the Executive of the provisions of this Article V will be inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of any provision of this Article V, the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief (without posting a bond or other security) in addition to any other remedy it may have. If any of the provisions of, or covenants continued in, this Article V are hereafter construed to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the same shall not affect the remainder of the provisions or the enforceability thereof in any jurisdiction, which shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalidity or unenforceability in such other jurisdiction. If, at any time of enforcement of this Article V, a court or an arbitrator holds that the restrictions stated herein are unreasonable and/or unenforceable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable and/or enforceable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court or arbitrator shall be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law provided, however, that the determination of such court or arbitrator shall not affect the enforceability of this Article V in any other jurisdiction. This Agreement shall not authorize a court or arbitrator to increase or broaden any of the restrictions in this Article V.
The First Lien Collateral Agent, each First Lien Representative, on behalf of itself and each First Lien Secured Party under the First Lien Debt Facility for which it is acting, the Second Lien Collateral Agent, each Second Lien Representative, on behalf of itself, and each Second Lien Secured Party under its Second Lien Debt Facility, the Third Lien Collateral Agent and each Third Lien Representative, on behalf of itself, and each Third Lien Secured Party under its Third Lien Debt Facility, each agrees that it will take such further action and shall execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as the other parties hereto may reasonably request to effectuate the terms of, and the Lien priorities contemplated by, this Agreement.
Ryan shall be paid an annual base salary of four hundred fifty thousand Dollars ($450,000) payable in accordance with Unilife’s standard payroll practices. Ryan’s base salary will be subject to the customary withholding and employment taxes, as required by law, with respect to compensation paid by an employer to an employee. At the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Unilife (the “Compensation Committee”), Ryan shall be eligible for increases in base salary. Further, Unilife will not reduce Ryan’s base salary to less than what is agreed to herein.
Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the definitions set forth in the body of the Agreement. Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined in the body have the meanings assigned to such terms on Schedule 1.1 .
This IP Security Agreement has been entered into in conjunction with the provisions of the Security Agreement.  Each Grantor does hereby acknowledge and confirm that the grant of the security interest hereunder to, and the rights and remedies of, the Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein.
In the event of (i) any dividend (other than regular cash dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event that affects the shares of Common Stock (including a Change in Control); or (ii) unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company, including changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements, that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, could result in substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights intended to be granted to, or available for, Participants (any event in (i) or (ii), an “ Adjustment Event ”), the Committee shall, in respect of any such Adjustment Event, make such proportionate substitution or adjustment, if any, as it deems equitable, to any or all of (A) the Absolute Share Limit, or any other limit applicable under the Plan with respect to the number of Awards which may be granted hereunder; (B) the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) which may be issued in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan or any Sub-Plan; and (C) the terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (I) the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate; (II) the Exercise Price or Strike Price with respect to any Award; or (III) any applicable performance measures (including, without limitation, Performance Criteria and Performance Goals); provided , that in the case of any “equity restructuring” (within the meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor pronouncement thereto)), the Committee shall make an equitable or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect such equity restructuring.  Any adjustment under this Section 12 shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes.
Except as previously disclosed to REIT II pursuant to the REIT I Disclosure Letter or to REIT I pursuant to the REIT II Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Advisor or its Affiliates.
Except as set forth below, at all times from the Closing Date through that date which is three (3) years after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, each of Assignee and Assignor will maintain product liability and other insurance for itself in amounts, respectively, which are reasonable and customary for companies of comparable size (a) with respect to Assignor, in the portions of the Brand Business (as defined in the MIPA) that Assignor is retaining, and (b) with respect to Assignee, the Acquired Business; provided , however , that the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that if Assignee (x) adds the Acquired Business to its umbrella insurance policy as in effect on the date hereof and (y) maintains at least the same level of coverage thereunder as in effect on the date hereof, then such umbrella insurance policy shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement set forth in this Section 5.7 . Assignee shall provide Assignor and Assignor shall provide Assignee with written proof of such insurance upon request.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of separate original counterparts (or telecopied or electronically transmitted counterparts with original execution copy to follow) and by the different parties on separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute one agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by telecopy or electronic transmission (e.g. “pdf” or “tif”) shall have the same effect as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
This Agreement and the Note will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.  The several captions to different Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall be ignored in interpreting the provisions hereof.
THIS GUARANTY AND THE VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY HEREOF SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.
No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. No Loan Party or any subsidiary is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any agreement to which it is a party or other contractual obligation by which it is bound (other than an agreement or other contractual obligations evidencing or governing any Indebtedness), in each case, which default would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
In addition to and supplemental of the anniversary fees described in the Tenth Loan Modification Agreement (Domestic) and all other fees and expenses under the Loan Documents, Borrower shall pay to Bank a fully-earned, non-refundable modification fee equal to Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000), payable on or before the Eleventh Loan Modification (Domestic) Effective Date. Borrower shall also reimburse Bank for all legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Existing Loan Documents and this Loan Modification Agreement.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan.
The Agreement and the parties’ obligations hereunder shall terminate upon the death of Employee; provided, however, that in such event, the parties shall be required to carry out any provisions of this Agreement which contemplate performance by them subsequent to termination, and the Company shall pay to the estate of the Employee any earned but unpaid salary and accrued but unused PTO as of the date of Employee’s death.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including counterparts transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail, any one of which shall constitute an original of this Agreement. When counterparts or facsimile or electronic mail copies hav e been executed by all parties hereto, they shall have the same effect as if the signatures to each counterpart or copy were upon the same documents and copies of such documents shall be deemed valid as originals. The parties agree that all such signatures may be transferred to a single document upon the request of any party. This Agreement shall not be binding unless and until it shall be fully executed and delivered by all parties hereto. In the event that this Agreement is executed and delivered by way o f facsimile transmission or electronic mail, each party delivering a facsimile or electronic mail counterpart shall promptly deliver an ink-signed original counterpart of the Agreement to the other party by overnight courier service; provided that the fail ure of a party to deliver an ink-signed original counterpart shall not in any way effect the validity, enforceability or binding effect of a counterpart executed and delivered by facsimile transmission or electronic mail.
During the Term and for a period of five (5) years after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, each Party shall obtain and/or maintain, respectively, at its sole cost and expense, comprehensive general liability insurance, products liability insurance and clinical trials insurance (including any self-insured arrangements), each in amounts, respectively, which are reasonable and customary in the U.S. pharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and activities at the respective place of business of each Party but in no event less than [**] Dollars ($[**]) per occurrence and [**] Dollars ($[**]) annual aggregate. Each Party shall also maintain any mandatory insurance, including but not limited to workers compensation coverage, in accordance with all Applicable Law. All insurance policies reflecting such insurance shall be written on a “per occurrence” or “claims made” basis with an insurance company rated at least A-3 by Best’s rating guide. Licensor and its designees who have an insurable interest shall be added as an additional insured on the Licensee’s product liability insurance policy. Each such insurance policy shall provide for at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Licensor of the cancellation or any substantial modification of the terms of coverage. Such product liability insurance (or self-insured arrangements) shall insure against all liability, including without limitation personal injury, physical injury, or property damage arising out of the manufacture, sale, distribution, or marketing of the Product. Each Party also agrees to waive, and will require its insurers to waive, all rights of subrogation against the other Party, and its directors, officers, employees, and agents on all the foregoing coverages. Each Party shall provide written proof of the existence of such insurance to the other Party upon written request.
Versartis has not granted any assignment, license, covenant not to sue, or other similar interest or benefit, exclusive or otherwise, to any Third Party relating to any patent, know-how, or other proprietary right that conflicts with or limits the rights granted to Teijin hereunder or which falls within the scope of the licenses granted in ARTICLE II.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (including counterparts executed by less than all parties hereto), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A signed copy of this Amendment delivered by PDF, facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Amendment.
The Borrower shall have (A) paid to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the fees required to be paid by it on the Closing Date, including those fees set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter, and (B) paid or caused to be paid all reasonable fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and of special counsel to the Administrative Agent that have been invoiced on or prior to the Closing Date in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall terminate except as expressly provided in Sections 12.1, 12.2 and 12.3 above and those rights and obligations of the Parties under the following Articles and Sections: [ * ] .
This Agreement and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation and performance shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
Such Debtor will not create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral except (i) the security interest created by this Security Agreement, and (ii) other Liens permitted pursuant to the Indenture.
As defined in Section 5.06 .
Any Lender may grant participations in its extensions of credit hereunder to any other Lender or other lending institution (a “ Participant ”), provided that (i) no such participation shall be for an amount of less than $5,000,000, (ii) no Participant shall thereby acquire any direct rights under this Agreement, except that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.11 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements of subsection 3.11.3 (it being understood that the documentation required under subsection 3.11.3 shall be delivered to the originating Lender)), subsection 4.1.9 and Section 4.8 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment; provided however that such Participant (a) shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 13.5.6 as if it were an assignee and (b) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.11 , subsection 4.1.9 or Section 4.8 , with respect to any participation, than its originating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation, (iii) no Participant shall be granted any right to consent to any amendment, except to the extent any of the same pertain to (a) reducing the aggregate principal amount of, or interest rate on, or fees applicable to, its participation interest or (b) extending the final stated maturity of its participation interest or the stated maturity of any portion of any payment of principal of, or interest or fees applicable to, any of its participation interest; provided that the rights described in this subclause (b) shall not be deemed to include the right to consent to any amendment with respect to or which has the effect of requiring any mandatory prepayment of any portion of any Loan or any amendment or waiver of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) no sale of a participation in extensions of credit shall in any manner relieve the originating Lender of its obligations hereunder, (v) the originating Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance of such obligations, (vi) the Loan Parties and Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with the originating Lender in connection with the originating Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (vii) all amounts payable by the Loan Parties hereunder shall be determined as if the originating Lender had not sold any such participation. Each Lender, acting for this purpose as an agent of Borrowers, shall maintain at its offices a record of each agreement or instrument effecting any participation and a register (each a “ Participation Register ”) meeting the requirements of 26 C.F.R. §5f.103-1(c) for the recordation in book entry form of the names and addresses of its Participants and their rights with respect to principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans from time to time. The entries in each Participation Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
The authorized equity securities of each of the Credit Parties as of the Closing Date are as set forth on Schedule 3.4 .  All issued and outstanding equity securities of each of the Credit Parties are duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) other than those in favor of Agent for the benefit of Agent and Lenders, and such equity securities were issued in all material respects in compliance with all applicable Laws.  The identity of the holders of the equity securities of each of the Credit Parties and the percentage of their fully-diluted ownership of the equity securities of each of the Credit Parties as of the Closing Date is set forth on Schedule 3.4 .  No shares of the capital stock or other equity securities of any Credit Party, other than those described above, are issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.4 , as of the Closing Date there are no preemptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights or similar agreements or understandings for the purchase or acquisition from any Credit Party of any equity securities of any such entity.
The financial statements described in Section 6.11 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of TCEH and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case, as of the dates thereof and for such period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise noted therein, and subject, in the case of any unaudited financial statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes. There has been no Material Adverse Effect since the Closing Date.
Reasonable prior notification of the time and place of any public sale of the Collateral, or reasonable prior notification of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Collateral is to be made, shall be sent to Debtors and to any other Person entitled to notice under the UCC; provided that, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, if any of the Collateral threatens to decline speedily in value or is of the type customarily sold on a recognized market, Secured Party may sell or otherwise dispose of the Collateral without notification, advertisement, or other notice of any kind if giving such prior notification is not possible without causing undue expenses or delays; provided that notice shall be given as soon as possible thereafter. It is agreed that notice sent or given not less than ten days prior to the taking of the action to which the notice relates is reasonable notification and notice for the purposes of this subparagraph. It shall not be necessary that the Collateral be at the location of the sale.
Contractor shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Client, its subsidiaries, affiliates, customers, clients, agents, officers, directors, employees, and partners from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that are based upon or arise out of (a) any acts or omissions by Contractor, or (b) Contractor’s breach of any warranty, representation, or other provision of this Agreement.
No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or immediately after giving effect to the Extension of Credit requested to be made on such date.
The Employee shall be entitled to annual paid vacation in accordance with the policies established by the Board of Directors for executive employees and to voluntary leave of absence, with or without pay, from time to time at such times and upon such conditions as the Board of Directors may determine in its discretion.
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.
Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall not release a Party from any liability or obligation that already has accrued prior to such expiration or termination, nor affect the survival of any provision hereto to the extent it is expressly stated to survive such termination. The following provisions shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period of time specified therein, or if not specified, then they shall survive indefinitely: Articles [*] and Sections [*]. For clarity, the [*] period noted in Section 7.1 shall commence on the effective date of expiration or termination of this Agreement.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement, including the documents incorporated by reference therein. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers in the Transaction Documents regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or mit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
Damages in the event of breach of this Agreement by a party hereto may be difficult, if not impossible, to ascertain, and it is therefore agreed that each party, in addition to and without limiting any other remedy or right it may have, will have the right to an injunction or other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction, enjoining any such breach, and enforcing specifically the terms and provisions hereof, and each of the parties hereto hereby waives any and all defenses it may have on the ground of lack of jurisdiction or competence of the court to grant such an injunction or other equitable relief. The existence of this right will not preclude any such party from pursuing any other rights and remedies at law or in equity that such party may have.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
With respect to each Plan, the REIT and all ERISA Affiliates have paid all required minimum contributions and installments on or before the due dates provided under Section 430(j) of the Code and could not reasonably be subject to a lien under Section 430(k) of the Code or Title IV of ERISA. Neither the REIT nor any ERISA Affiliate has filed, pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA, an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The REIT is not an entity deemed to hold “plan assets” within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, of an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject to Title I of ERISA or any plan (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code) which is subject to Section 4975 of the Code. Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the making of Credit Extensions hereunder gives rise to a nonexempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The REIT is not subject to any law, rule or regulation which is substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
The Company is not required to obtain any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with (other than the filing with the SEC of one or more Registration Statements in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, a Form D with the SEC, obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, the filings required pursuant to Sections 4.3 and 4.9 , and any other filings, notices or applications as may be required by any state securities agencies), any court, governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under, or contemplated by, the Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. Assuming the Company Stockholder Approval is obtained, there is no requirement for the Company to obtain approval of the Principal Market for listing or trading of the “ Registrable Securities ” (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) which constitute Common Stock.
Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, their successors in interest, heirs and assigns and any subsequent owner of the Property.
The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer with respect to each Transaction Unit on the Closing Date that, as of the Cut-Off Date or the Closing Date, as applicable, (i) each Closed-End Lease included in the 2016-A Reference Pool complies with all requirements of Applicable Law in all material respects, (ii) that the information relating to each Transaction Unit set forth on Schedule 1 of the Exchange Note Supplement is true and correct in all material respects, and (iii) that as of the Cut-Off Date each Closed-End Lease with respect to a Transaction Unit allocated to the 2016-A Reference Pool was an Eligible Lease. This Section 2.3(b) shall survive the allocation of the Transaction Units to the 2016-A Reference Pool.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, that no Party to this Agreement will assign its rights or delegate any or all of its obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other Party to this Agreement; provided, further, that NantWorks may assign all or any part of its rights and may assign performance of Services to other Service Providers under this Agreement without obtaining any consent of the Company, provided that in no case shall such assignment relieve NantWorks of any obligations hereunder.  Any purported assignment or transfer in violation of this Section 7.01 shall be null and void and of no effect.
The Company is in compliance with its reporting requirements under Section 13 of the Exchange Act. The SEC Reports, when filed with the SEC (or in the case of registration statements, solely on the dates of effectiveness) (except to the extent corrected by a subsequent SEC Report), conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as the case may be, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no unresolved comment letters from the SEC in respect of any SEC Report. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the anticipated use of proceeds from the sale of the Securities, which shall be publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the Exchange Act, the Company confirms that neither it nor any person acting on its behalf has provided any Investor with any other information that the Company believes constitutes material, non-public information. The Company understands that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in the securities of the Company.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against or affecting Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”), which could adversely affect or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Note. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Act.
Any notice hereunder to the Corporation shall be addressed to it at Drone Aviation Holding Corp., 11651 Central Parkway #118, Jacksonville, FL 32224, Attention: CEO, and any notice hereunder to the Holder shall be addressed to the Holder at the last known home address shown in the records of the Corporation, subject to the right of any party hereto to designate another address at any time hereafter in writing.
As a condition of receiving any severance payments under this Agreement, Executive must sign and not revoke, within the deadlines provided by the Company and in compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, a written release of all employment claims against the Company and its related entities, including, without limitation, employment discrimination of any kind, wage payment, breach of contract, claims for workers compensation, unemployment, disability and severance claims that Executive has or may have at the termination of employment. In addition, Executive will agree not to sue the Company or any other entities or persons released.
The Company may withhold from any benefits payable under this Plan all federal, state, city, or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling.
Enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any person whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter, as part of such transaction, rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred (a “ Sale and Lease-Back Transaction ”); provided , that a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction shall be permitted (a) with respect to (i) Excluded Property, (ii) property owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party that is acquired after the Closing Date so long as such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction is consummated within 365 days of the acquisition of such property or (iii) property owned by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party regardless of when such property was acquired, and (b) with respect to any other property owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party, (x) if such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction is of property owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party as of the Closing Date, the Net Proceeds therefrom are used to prepay the Term Loans to the extent required by Section 2.11(b) and (y) with respect to any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction pursuant to this clause (b) with Net Proceeds in excess of $2,000,000 individually or $10,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year, the requirements of the last paragraph of Section 6.05 shall apply to such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction to the extent provided therein.
Unless otherwise indicated herein, all terms, which are capitalized, but are not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Original Agreements.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase that number of Shares specified below such Purchaser’s name on the signature pages of this Agreement and next to the heading “Shares”.  On the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to its Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by each Purchaser and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser such number of Shares equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.  Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any party to this Agreement, unless such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the authorized representative of each party.
BDSI represents and warrants that (i) to BDSI’s Knowledge as of the Effective Date, the Licensed Technology, Licensed Marks and other intellectual property rights which are the subject of the licenses granted to Collegium hereunder comprise, all intellectual property rights reasonably necessary for Collegium to Develop and Commercialize the Current Product and (ii) there are no other intellectual property rights owned or Controlled by BDSI or any of its Affiliates as of the Effective Date, other than the rights in the Licensed Technology, which cover the Current Product or would otherwise prevent Collegium from Developing and/or Commercializing the Current Product in the Territory as set forth herein.
At the Closing, Purchaser shall pay the Company the applicable Aggregate Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account or accounts as the Company shall designate in writing to Purchaser at least five (5) business days prior to the Closing Date .
This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties, shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the conflict of laws rules of that state .  EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYEE CONSENT, STIPULATE AND AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF ANY DISPUTE OR LITIGATION ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS AND EACH OF EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYEE HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION LOCATED IN TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS FOR SUCH PURPOSE.
This Amendment supersedes and cancels any and all previous statements, negotiations, arrangements, brochures, agreements and understandings, if any, between Landlord and Tenant with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment. The Lease and this Amendment constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of the Lease and this Amendment. There are no representations, understandings, stipulations, agreements, warranties or promises (express or implied, oral or written) between Landlord and Tenant with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment or the Lease, except as set forth in this Amendment or the Lease. It is likewise agreed that the Lease and this Amendment may not be altered, amended, modified or extended except by an instrument in writing signed by both Landlord and Tenant.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all management powers over the business, property and affairs of the Company are exclusively vested in a board of Managers (the “ Board of Managers ”), and no Member shall have any right to participate in or exercise control or management power over the business and affairs of the Company or otherwise to bind, act or purport to act on behalf of the Company in any manner. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the Board of Managers shall have all the rights and powers that may be possessed by a manager under the Act, which shall include, without limitation, the power to incur indebtedness, the power to enter into agreements and commitments of all kinds, the power to manage, acquire and dispose of Company Assets, and all ancillary powers necessary or convenient as to the foregoing. Unless authorized by a vote of the Board of Managers or otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no individual Manager may act for the Board of Managers or have authority to bind the Company. The Managers shall devote such time to the business and affairs of the Company as is reasonably necessary for the performance of their duties, but shall not be required to devote full time to the performance of such duties.
For purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the definitions set forth below.  Other capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not defined in this Section 1 shall have the definitions given them in this Agreement.
Upon the Participant’s Termination of Employment for any reason before the third anniversary of the Grant Date, all Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in the event that the Participant experiences a Termination of Employment before the third anniversary of the Grant Date due to the Participant’s Retirement at any time following the end of the calendar year in which the Grant Date occurred, the Participant shall vest in that number of Restricted Stock Units determined in accordance with Section 1(b) and (ii) in the event of the Participant’s Termination of Employment before the third anniversary of the Grant Date by the Company without Cause, or Termination of Employment due to death or Disability, the Participant shall vest in a number of Restricted Stock Units equal to the product of (A) the number of Restricted Stock Units determined in accordance with Section 1(b) and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months from the Grant Date until the date of Termination of Employment ( provided that, for this purpose, the month in which the Grant Date occurs shall be considered a full month) and the denominator of which is thirty-six months. Any Restricted Stock Units earned pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be settled in accordance with Section 2. For purposes of this Agreement, employment with the Company shall include employment with the Company’s Affiliates and its successors. Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Affiliates or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any such Affiliates to terminate the Participant’s employment at any time.
The Purchaser (on behalf of itself and after the Closing, the Company) and the Seller (on behalf itself and, prior to the Closing, the Company) may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of such other applicable party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made by any other applicable party herein or in any document, certificate or writing delivered pursuant hereto by any other applicable party or (c) waive compliance by such other applicable party with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of any party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The waiver by any party of a breach of any term or provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach, or a subsequent waiver of the same term or condition, or a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement. No failure or delay by any party hereto in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic data file shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
Borrower and Lender by its acceptance of this Note, hereby waive trial by jury in any action or proceeding brought hereunder or pertaining hereto.
The Company and any of its subsidiaries shall have the right to deduct from any payment to be made to you the required Federal, state, local and other taxes required to be withheld.  You shall be solely responsible for any and all tax liability incurred in connection with the Refinancing Bonus.
No waiver of any breach of this Agreement extended by any party shall be construed as a waiver of any rights or remedies with respect to any subsequent breach. It is agreed that no delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to a party under this Agreement, upon any breach, default, or noncompliance by the other party, shall impair any such right, power, or remedy, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach, default, or noncompliance, or any acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach, default, or noncompliance thereafter occurring. It is further agreed that any waiver, permit, consent, or approval of any kind or character on any party’s part of any breach, default, or noncompliance under this Agreement or any waiver on such party’s part of any provisions or conditions of the Agreement must be in a writing executed by the parties and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding in accordance with its terms upon the Issuer, the Company and their respective permitted successors and assigns provided that this Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (except as permitted under Article V hereof) and may not be assigned by the Issuer except to (i) the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture or as otherwise may be necessary to enforce or secure payment of Note Service Charges or (ii) any successor public body to the Issuer.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Award(s) specified in the Notice of Grant shall be subject to forfeiture, reduction or recoupment as provided in Section 22.1 of the Plan, and to any compensation recovery policy adopted by the Company at any time.
(a)  The Company hereby represents that this Agreement and the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder (i) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, (ii) does not require the approval of the shareholders of the Company and (iii) does not and will not violate any law, any order of any court or other agency of government, the charter of the Company or the bylaws of the Company, or any stock exchange rule or regulation, or any provision of any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Company or any of its properties or assets is or are bound, or conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any such indenture, agreement or other instrument, or result in the creation or imposition of, or give rise to, any lien, charge, restriction, claim, encumbrance or adverse penalty of any nature whatsoever pursuant to any such indenture, agreement or other instrument.
Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court in New York County or federal court of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Base Indenture, the Group I Supplement, this Series 2016-2 Supplement, the Series 2016-2 Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment arising out of or relating to the Base Indenture, the Group I Supplement, this Series 2016-2 Supplement, the Series 2016-2 Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, federal court; (iii) agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law; (iv) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court and any objection it may now or hereafter have that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court, and agrees not to plead or claim the same; and (v) consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.15 (provided that, nothing in this Series 2016-2 Supplement shall affect the right of any such party to serve process in any other manner permitted by law).
If any provision(s) hereof are in conflict with any statute or rule of law of the State of Michigan or state where the Property is located (as may be applicable under pursuant to the Loan Agreement) or are otherwise unenforceable for any reason whatever, then such provision(s) shall be deemed null and void to the extent of such conflict or unenforceability, but shall be deemed separable from and shall not invalidate any other provisions of this Mortgage.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create or acquire any additional Restricted Subsidiary or redesignate an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary unless the Borrower gives written notice to the Administrative Agent of such creation or acquisition and complies with Section 8.14(b)  and Section 8.14(c) .  The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, assign or otherwise Dispose of any Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary except (i) in connection with the issuance of director qualifying shares, (ii) in connection with any transactions permitted under Section 9.12 , Section 9.13(e)  or Section 9.13(f) , and (iii) other sales, assignments or other dispositions of any Equity Interests in Restricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate fair market value not to exceed $5.0 million during any fiscal year.
This Amendment may be executed by counterparts, each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one contract. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that facsimile signatures or signatures transmitted by electronic mail in so-called “PDF” format shall be legal and binding and shall have the same full force and effect as if an original of this Amendment had been delivered. Sellers and Purchaser (i) intend to be bound by the signatures on any document sent by facsimile or electronic mail, (ii) are aware that the other party will rely on such signatures, and (iii) hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Amendment based on the foregoing forms of signature.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas (without regard to its rules on conflicts of laws).
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transfer and delivery of the Mortgage Loans, including recording fees, fees for title policy endorsements and continuations and the Seller’s attorney’s fees, shall be paid by the Seller. All other costs shall be borne by the party incurring such costs.
Each Party shall be responsible for its own legal fees and expenses.
This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the later of (i) the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty and (ii) the Termination Date, (b) be binding upon PPG, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (c) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitments, the Advances owing to it and the Note or Notes held by it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to the Administrative Agent or such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as and to the extent provided in Section 9.07.
All notices and other communications under this Agreement and any Terms Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of communication, and (a) shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to: if to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, 7 th Floor, New York, New York 10179, to the attention of the Special Equities Group, Adam Rosenbluth (email adam.s.rosenbluth@jpmorgan.com) and Brett Chalmers (email brett.chalmers@jpmorgan.com); and if to HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., to HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Attention: Prospectus Department, 452 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10018, telephone: +1 (877) 429-7459, or by emailing: nyequity.syndicate@us.hsbc.com; (b) if to the Selling Stockholder, shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to the Selling Stockholder at the officers of the Selling Stockholder at 13135 South Dairy Ashford Road, Sugar Land, Texas 77478, to the attention of Legal Department (email: SRechter@noblecorp.com), with a copy to John D. Geddes at Baker Botts L.L.P., One Shell Plaza, 910 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas 77002-4995 (email: john.geddes@bakerbotts.com); and (c) if to the Company, shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to the Company at the offices of the Company at 333 North Central Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85004, to the attention of the Chief Financial Officer (email kathleen_quirk@fmi.com), with a copy to Monique A. Cenac at Jones Walker LLP, 333 N. Central Avenue, 25th Floor, Phoenix, Arizona 85004 (email mcenac@joneswalker.com). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Transaction Proposals shall be delivered by the Selling Stockholder to the Agents via e-mail in “.pdf” format to the applicable Agent as follows: if to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, to Adam Rosenbluth (email: adam.s.rosenbluth@jpmorgan.com), Brett Chalmers (email: brett.chalmers@jpmorgan.com), Jemil Salih (email: jemil.d.salih@jpmorgan.com) and Ara Movsesian (email: ara.movsesian@jpmorgan.com), if to HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., to Jeffrey Nicklas (email: jeffreynicklas@us.hsbc.com); and Transaction Acceptances shall be delivered by the Agents to the Company via e-mail in “.pdf” format to: Kathleen L. Quirk (email: kathleen_quirk@fmi.com), with copies to Dionne M. Rousseau (email: drousseau@joneswalker.com) and Monique A. Cenac (email: mcenac@joneswalker.com).
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE BORROWERS WILL JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH LENDER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT FOR ANY AND ALL COVERED TAXES AND OTHER TAXES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY AND ALL COVERED TAXES OR OTHER TAXES IMPOSED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY ON AMOUNTS PAYABLE UNDER THIS SECTION 4.06 ) PAYABLE BY SUCH LENDER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE COLLATERAL AGENT (ON THEIR BEHALF OR ON BEHALF OF ANY LENDER), AS THE CASE MAY BE, AND ALL EXPENSES WITH RESPECT THERETO, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH COVERED TAXES OR OTHER TAXES WERE CORRECTLY OR LEGALLY ASSERTED. ANY PAYMENT PURSUANT TO SUCH INDEMNIFICATION SHALL BE MADE WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE ANY LENDER, THE COLLATERAL AGENT OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, AS THE CASE MAY BE, MAKES WRITTEN DEMAND THEREFOR. A CERTIFICATE AS TO THE AMOUNT OF SUCH PAYMENT OR LIABILITY DELIVERED TO THE PARENT BORROWER BY A LENDER (WITH A COPY TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT), OR BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON ITS OWN BEHALF OR ON BEHALF OF A LENDER, SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE ABSENT MANIFEST ERROR. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 4.06 TO THE CONTRARY, THE BORROWERS SHALL BE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO ANY LENDER OR ANY AGENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS DESCRIBED IN SUBSECTIONS (A) AND (C) OF THIS SECTION 4.06 TO THE EXTENT THAT THE LENDER OR AGENT (AS THE CASE MAY BE) DOES NOT NOTIFY THE PARENT BORROWER WITHIN 120 DAYS AFTER THE LENDER OR AGENT (AS THE CASE MAY BE) HAS ACTUAL KNOWLEDGE OF THE TAX CLAIM GIVING RISE TO SUCH ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS, AND THE BORROWERS DO NOT OTHERWISE HAVE ACTUAL KNOWLEDGE OF SUCH TAX CLAIM BEFORE THE END OF SUCH 120 DAY PERIOD.
None of Issuer, Co-Issuer, or Parent or any of their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D) has directly, or through any agent, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) that is or will be integrated with the sale of the Notes in a manner that would require registration of the Securities under the Securities Act.
In case anyone or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or other unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. If, moreover, anyone or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope or subject, it shall be construed by limiting it and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with applicable law as it shall then appear.
Margins. Borrower Agent shall have reached agreement with the Lenders (or Additional Lenders) agreeing to the respective Increase with respect to the interest margins applicable to Revolving Loans, Term Loans or incremental term loans to be made pursuant such Increase (which interest margins may be (A) with respect to Revolving Loans made pursuant to the increased Revolving Credit Commitments, higher than or equal to the interest margins applicable to Revolving Loans set forth in this Agreement immediately prior to the Increase Effective Date, and (B) with respect to any Increase of the Term Loans or any Increase pursuant to which any incremental term facilities are provided, higher than, equal to, or lower than the interest margins applicable to the applicable Term Loan set forth in this Agreement immediately prior to the Increase Effective Date, as applicable) and shall have communicated the amount of such interest margins to Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and Borrowers (with the consent of the Lenders or Additional Lenders providing such Increase (and, for the avoidance of doubt, without the consent of any existing Lenders not providing such Increase)) may effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this Section  2.18 (including any amendment necessary to effectuate the interest margins for the Revolving Loans, Term Loans or incremental term loans to be made pursuant to such Increase). Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, (1) as of the date of the incurrence of such Increase, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such incremental term facility shall not be shorter than that of the original existing Term Loan (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof) and (2) the All-In Yield applicable to any Increase will be determined by the Borrowers and the lenders providing such Increase but in the event that the All-In Yield applicable to such Increase exceeds the All-In Yield of the original existing Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans, as applicable, by more than 50 basis points then in the event that the All-In Yield applicable to such Increase to the Term Loan or incremental term facility exceeds the All-In Yield of the original existing Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans by more than 50 basis points (for the avoidance of doubt, including as a result of any Eurodollar Rate floor, Eurodollar Base Rate floor or, as applicable, exceeding the applicable Existing Floor), the interest rate margins for the original existing Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans existing at such time shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the All-In Yield of such original existing Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans, as applicable, is equal to the All-In Yield of the applicable Increase minus 50 basis points; provided, that any increase to the All-In Yield of the existing Term Loans or Revolving Loans existing at such time due solely to the Eurodollar Base Rate or Base Rate floor applicable to such Increase exceeding the applicable Existing Floor, such increase shall be effected as an increase to the Existing Floor or the interest rate margin of the existing Term Loans or Revolving Loans (or a combination thereof) at the option of the Borrower Agent; provided further that the provisions of this subclause (2) shall not apply to any Increase of the Term Loans made or any Increase pursuant to which any incremental term facilities are provided, in each case, after the first twelve (12) months following the Closing Date.
The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loans only (i) to Refinance the outstanding Debt under the Existing Credit Agreement and (ii) to pay the fees, expenses and costs of the Transactions. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, (x) for any purpose that would violate any of the regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X or (y) to finance the purchase or carry of margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the Board). If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of Form FR U-1, Form FR G-3 or such other form referred to in Regulations T, U and X of the Board, as the case may be.
Subject to Sections 2 and 7 of this Agreement and Sections 9.1 and 10.6 of the Plan, this Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by the parties hereto if such amendment would materially and adversely affect Employee. Any such amendment shall specifically state that it is amending this Agreement.
Other than providing the compensation and benefits provided for in accordance with this Section 4, the Company and its directors, officers, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, successors, assigns, agents and representatives shall have no further obligation or liability to Executive or any other person under this Agreement. The payment of any amounts pursuant to this Section 4 (other than payments required by law) is expressly conditioned upon (i) the delivery by Executive to the Company of a release in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company of any and all claims Executive may have against the Company and its directors, officers, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, successors, assigns, agents and representatives arising out of or related to Executive’s employment by the Company and the termination of such employment and (ii) Executive not revoking such release within seven days of his delivery of the release. The Company shall provide Executive with the proposed form of such release no later than seven (7) days following the date of termination, and Executive shall execute such release no later than fifty-two (52) days after the date of termination.
No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or any registration, declaration or filing with, any court, agency, governmental authority or any third party is required in connection with the valid execution, delivery, consummation and performance of this Release by the Bigfoot Parties.
The Company shall have the right to require, prior to the issuance or delivery of any shares of Common Stock or the payment of any cash pursuant to an award made hereunder, or upon the vesting of any award that is considered deferred compensation, payment by the holder of such award of any federal, state, local or other taxes which may be required to be withheld or paid in connection with such award. An Agreement may provide that (i) the Company shall withhold whole shares of Common Stock which would otherwise be delivered to a holder, having an aggregate Fair Market Value determined as of the date the obligation to withhold or pay taxes arises in connection with an award (the “ Tax Date ”), or withhold an amount of cash which would otherwise be payable to a holder, in the amount necessary to satisfy any such obligation or (ii) the holder may satisfy any such obligation by any of the following means: (A) a cash payment to the Company, (B) authorizing the Company to withhold whole shares of Common Stock which would otherwise be delivered having an aggregate Fair Market Value, determined as of the Tax Date, or withhold an amount of cash which would otherwise be payable to a holder, equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any such obligation, (C) in the case of the exercise of an option and except as may be prohibited by applicable law, a cash payment by a broker-dealer acceptable to the Company to whom the optionee has submitted an irrevocable notice of exercise or (D) any combination of (A) and (B), in each case to the extent set forth in the Agreement relating to the award. Shares of Common Stock to be delivered or withheld may not have an aggregate Fair Market Value in excess of the amount determined by applying the minimum statutory withholding rate. Any fraction of a share of Common Stock which would be required to satisfy such an obligation shall be disregarded and the remaining amount due shall be paid in cash by the holder.
Your position is Chief Human Resources Officer. This position is based in our Store Support Center, and you will report to me. We look forward to having you begin employment on August 3, 2016.
Each party will pay its own respective financial advisory, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred by it or for its benefit in connection with the preparation and execution of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, the compliance herewith and therewith and the Contemplated Transactions.  All Shareholder Transaction Expenses not paid by the Shareholders or reimbursed to the Company by the Shareholders prior to the Closing will be borne by the Shareholders by means of an adjustment to the Closing Cash Consideration pursuant to Section 2.0 3 or, to the extent such Shareholder Transaction Expenses, or the amount thereof, are determined after the Closing, by the Shareholders directly promptly upon delivery of an invoice by Parent.  The Company has delivered or made available to Parent a complete and accurate list and description of all Shareholder Transaction Expenses.
The Seller (i) shall keep its principal place of business and chief executive office (as such terms are used in the UCC) and keep its state of organization at the State set forth in Section 1(a) of Exhibit III or, upon at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice of a proposed change to the Administrative Agent, at any other locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to protect and perfect the interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers) in the Pool Receivables and the other Pool Assets have been taken and completed and (ii) shall provide the Administrative Agent with at least thirty (30) days’ written notice prior to making any change in the Seller’s name or making any other change in the Seller’s identity or corporate structure (including through a merger) which could render any UCC financing statement filed in connection with this Agreement “seriously misleading” as such term is used in the UCC; each notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this sentence shall set forth the applicable change and the effective date thereof. The Seller will also file and maintain in effect all filings, and take all such other actions, as may be necessary to protect the validity and perfection of its ownership interest in the Pool Receivables. The Seller also will maintain and implement or will cause to be maintained and implemented administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Pool Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Pool Receivables (including, records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Pool Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Pool Receivable).
For an agreed consideration, each Assignor hereby irrevocably and severally sells and assigns to each Assignee, without recourse and without representation or warranty other than as expressly provided herein, and each Assignee hereby irrevocably and severally purchases and assumes from each Assignor, subject to the terms hereof and of the Credit Agreement, (i) such percentage in and to all of such Assignor’s respective rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, such percentage interest in the Loans owing to such Assignor and such Assignor’s risk participation and funded participation in Letters of Credit existing as of the date hereof (prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement)) that would result in the Assignors and the Assignees having the respective Maximum Credit Amounts set forth on Annex I attached hereto, and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of such Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i)  above.  Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to any Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, without representation or warranty by any Assignor.  After giving effect to the sales and assignments pursuant to this Section 3 and after giving effect to the increase in the Borrowing Base set forth in Section 4 below, each Lender’s (including each Assignee’s) Maximum Credit Amount will be as set forth next to its name on Annex I attached hereto.
The Company agrees to (and will cause the Public Entity, upon consummation of the Merger, to undertake to) indemnify the Placement Agents, jointly and severally, their sub agent(s), and their controlling persons, representatives and agents in accordance with the indemnification provisions set forth in Appendix I . These provisions will apply regardless of whether any Offering is consummated.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, embodies the entire agreement and understanding among the Company, the Guarantors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings of such Persons, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party relative to the subject matter hereof or thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in any other Loan Document. To the extent that any provision herein is inconsistent with any term of any of the Orders, such Order shall control.
Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan to pay, to reduce and pay off Borrower’s debt, including, without limitation, the Loan, or to reimburse Borrower amounts paid in respect of the Aggregate Transaction Costs and to provide working capital to continue the operation and marketing of the Properties, with excess proceeds distributed to Member or another of Borrower’s Affiliates.
Tenant shall promptly pay for all materials supplied and work done in respect of the Premises so as to ensure that no lien is recorded against any portion of the real property upon which the Premises is erected or against Landlord's or Tenant's interest therein. If a lien is so recorded, Tenant shall discharge it promptly by payment or bonding. If any such lien against the Building or Landlord's interest therein is recorded and not discharged by Tenant as above required within fifteen (15) days following recording, Landlord shall have the right to remove such lien by bonding or payment and the cost thereof shall be paid immediately from Tenant to Landlord. Tenant has no right or authority to create any mechanics' or materialmen's lien on the Building or Landlord's interest therein and Tenant in compliance with Section 713.10, Florida Statutes, shall provide written notice (and provide written acknowledgment thereof to Landlord) to all suppliers of labor or material, as well as all contractors and subcontractors, as applicable, prior to ordering such labor or materials or executing any agreement for construction of Leasehold Improvements.
Each of the Security Parties hereby represents and warrants that, after giving effect to this Consent and Amendment, no Event of Default nor event which, with the passage of time, giving of notice or both would become an Event of Default, has occurred or is continuing as of the date hereof.
The Borrower maintains, and has caused each Subsidiary to maintain, insurance in compliance with Section 6.6.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3.1 above, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall have the right to assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement or any interest in this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Lender.
Since May 10, 2016, the Administrative Agent shall not have become aware (i) of any material title defects arising since such date or (ii) that any title diligence materials reviewed by the Administrative Agent (or counsels thereto) prior to such date were inaccurate in any material respect, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the extent the BB Value attributable to such affected properties exceeds, in the aggregate, 5% of the initial Borrowing Base as set forth in Section 2.02(a); provided however, any defects or inaccuracies remedied upon effectiveness of and pursuant to, the Plan of Reorganization shall not count towards such 5%.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years, commencing on the Effective Date and subject to earlier termination as provided herein (the “Term”). Beginning on the first day after the Effective Date and on each day thereafter, the Term of this Agreement shall be renewed and extended for a period ending two years from that day, unless otherwise terminated as hereinafter set forth. After termination of the employment of the Officer for any reason whatsoever, the Corporation, Bank and Officer shall continue to be subject to the provisions of Sections 10 through 23, inclusive, of this Agreement.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Seller and the consummation by each Seller of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement does not and will not constitute or result in a breach, violation or default under (i) any agreement or instrument, whether written or oral, express or implied, to which any of the Sellers is a party, (ii) the organizational documents of any Seller or (iii) any statute, law, ordinance, decree, order, injunction, rule, directive, judgment or regulation of any court, administrative or regulatory body, governmental authority, arbitrator, mediator or similar body on the part of any Seller, except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to (x) affect the validity of the Repurchase Shares or (y) materially impact any Seller’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile), each of which when so executed and delivered will be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together will constitute but one and the same instrument. The parties hereto may sign this Agreement and any joinder, certificate or other deliverable hereunder and transmit the executed copy by electronic means, including facsimile or noneditable *.pdf files. The electronic copy of the executed Agreement and any such joinder, certificate or other deliverable hereunder is and shall be deemed an original signature.
Promptly upon the reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject any Loan Party’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ or Controlled JV Subsidiaries’ properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Controlled JV Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of its Subsidiaries and Controlled JV Subsidiaries to do so.
Each Party shall forthwith upon request execute and deliver such documents and take such commercially reasonable actions as may reasonably be requested by the other Party in order to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein (including in Section 3.01), each Party shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement.
As of the effective date of this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
Capitalized terms in this Amendment that are not defined in this Amendment have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.  If there is any conflict between the Agreement and any provision of this Amendment, this Amendment will control.
This Agreement may be amended or modified by the Committee at any time; provided that no amendment or modification that materially impairs the rights of the Grantee as provided by this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in writing signed by the parties hereto, except such an amendment made to cause the terms of this Agreement or the Restricted Stock granted hereunder to comply with applicable law (including tax law), Applicable Exchange listing standards, or accounting rules. The waiver by either party of compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement.
This Amendment shall be effective December 8, 2015. Except as hereby amended, the Plan shall remain in full force and effect.
The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries will maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance and/or make provisions for self‑insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are usually carried by companies engaged in similar business and as are consistent with the prudent operation of its business. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon written request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, reasonable information as to the insurance carried; provided , however , such requests shall be limited to twice per calendar year in the aggregate.
The representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the transfer of title to the Property for a period of twelve (12) months (the “ Survival Period ”).
Each Borrower is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, is authorized to transact business in the State where the Individual Property owned by such Borrower is located, and has all necessary licenses, authorizations, registrations and/or approvals, and full power and authority, to own its Property.  Each Borrower will maintain in good standing its existence, franchises, rights and privileges under the laws of the State of Delaware and its rights to transact business in the State where the Individual Property owned by such Borrower is located, and no Borrower will, without the prior written consent of Lender, (i) dissolve, terminate or otherwise dispose, directly or indirectly or by operation of law, of all or substantially all of its assets, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or (iii) change its name or its legal structure or organizational form from a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default, Secured Party shall have the rights of a secured creditor under the UCC, all rights granted by this Agreement and by law, including, without limiting the foregoing, (a) the right to require Debtor to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Secured Party at a place to be designated by Secured Party, and (b) the right to take possession of the Collateral, and for that purpose Secured Party may enter upon premises on which the Collateral may be situated and remove the Collateral therefrom. Debtor hereby agrees that fifteen (15) days’ notice of a public sale of any Collateral or notice of the date after which a private sale of any Collateral may take place is reasonable.
The following rules apply to the vesting of your Deferred Units in the event of your termination of service as a Director of the Company.
The headings of the Sections herein are included solely for convenience. If the headings and the text of this Agreement conflict, the text shall control.
Any notice from LESSOR to LESSEE relating to the leased premises or to the occupancy thereof shall be deemed duly served when left at the leased premises, or served by constable, or sent to the leased premises or to the last address designated by notice in accordance with this section, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by recognized courier service with a receipt therefor, addressed to LESSEE. Any notice from LESSEE to LESSOR relating to the leased premises or to the occupancy thereof shall be deemed duly served when served by constable, or delivered to LESSOR by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by recognized courier service with a receipt therefor, addressed to LESSOR at 200 West Cummings Park, Woburn, MA 01801 or at LESSOR’s last designated address. No oral notice or representation shall have any force or effect. Time is of the essence in the service of any notice.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns.
Each party hereto will promptly and duly execute and deliver to the other party such further documents and assurances and take such further action as such other party may from time to time reasonably request in order to more effectively carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and to establish and protect the rights and remedies created or intended to be created hereby.
This Agreement, together with all schedules and exhibits attached hereto along with all documents and/or prior agreements expressly incorporated by reference is the entire agreement and will be the controlling document in business dealings between the Parties with respect to the Products (as defined in Section 3 below) supplied hereunder. It supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements (including without limitation that certain Manufacturing Services Agreement by and between the Parties dated as of January 3, 2007, as amended to date), purchase orders and acknowledgments between the Parties relating to such Products, except as expressly stated below. Purchase commitments will be made only by means of Purchase Orders as defined in Section 6(a)(ii) below. Insulet and Supplier preprinted terms and conditions on any future purchase order, invoice, acknowledgment or other standard form shall not apply unless expressly agreed to in the particular case by both Parties in writing.
THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN NEW YORK CITY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
By executing this Agreement, each Member expressly agrees to maintain, for so long as such Person is a Member and at all times thereafter, the confidentiality of, and not to disclose to any Person other than the Company, another Member or a Person designated by the Company or any of their respective financial planners, accountants, attorneys or other advisors, any information relating to the business, financial structure, financial position or financial results, clients or affairs of the Company, or any Subsidiary of the Company that shall not be generally known to the public, except as otherwise required by applicable law or by any regulatory or self-regulatory organization having jurisdiction and except in the case of any Member who is employed by any entity controlled by the Company in the ordinary course of its duties; provided , however , that to the extent consistent with applicable law, a Member may provide its customary reports to its stockholders, limited partners, members or other owners, as the case may be, regarding its investment in the Company.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9.4 to the contrary, in the event that any Member desires to undertake any Transfer of its Membership Interest permitted by the Securityholders Agreement, such Member may, upon the execution of a confidentiality agreement (in form reasonably acceptable to the Company’s legal counsel) by the Company and any bona fide potential Transferee, disclose to such potential Transferee (unless such potential Transferee is a direct competitor of the Company or its Affiliates) information of the sort otherwise restricted by this Section 9.4 if such Member reasonably believes such disclosure is necessary for the purpose of Transferring such Membership Interest to the bona fide potential Transferee.
Assuming that the consents referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of ‎Section 5.5 are obtained, the execution and delivery by such Commitment Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Agreement to which such Commitment Party is a party, the compliance by such Commitment Party with all of the provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein (a) will not conflict with, or result in breach, modification, termination or violation of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under (with or without notice or lapse of time or both), or result in the acceleration of, or the creation of any Lien under, any Contract to which such Commitment Party is party or is bound or to which any of the property or assets or such Commitment Party are subject, (b) will not result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or comparable constituent documents) of such Commitment Party and (c) will not result in any material violation of any Law or Order applicable to such Commitment Party or any of its properties, except in each of the cases described in clauses (a) or (c), for any conflict, breach, modification, violation, default, acceleration or Lien which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to prohibit or materially and adversely impact such Commitment Party’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of   the Securities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Company also may use a portion of the net proceeds, currently intended for general corporate purposes, to acquire or invest in entities, technologies, products or services that complement its business.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Period may necessitate the Executive’s cooperation in the future. Accordingly, during the five-year period following the termination of the Executive’s employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by AFG or AAC, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company, Company Affiliates and its or their counsel, including information requests relating to the business or affairs of the Company, as well as any investigation, litigation, arbitration or other proceeding related to the business or affairs of the Company, other than in connection with any dispute between the Executive and the Company or any Company Affiliate; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive’s business or personal affairs, including limiting Executive’s travel to the extent reasonably possible. The cooperation includes the Executive making himself available for reasonable periods of time (with due regard for his other commitments) upon reasonable notice to the Executive in any such litigation or investigation and providing testimony before or during such litigation or investigation. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation (including legal counsel selected by the Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company); provided that, if the Company requires the Executive to devote significant time to such cooperation, the Company and the Executive will establish in good faith a reasonable hourly or daily rate for the time spent by the Executive on such cooperation, based on the Executive’s Base Salary as of the termination date.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee or subcommittee appointed by the Committee and any employee or director of the Company or of a subsidiary to whom any duty or power relating to the administration or interpretation of the plan is delegated from and against any loss, cost, liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the approval of the board of directors), damage and expense, including legal and other expenses incident thereto, arising out of or incurred in connection with the such person’s services under the plan, unless and except to the extent attributable to such person’s fraud or willful misconduct.
This option shall be effective as of the date set forth in the grant.
There is no claim, action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, complaint, charge or investigation pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, currently threatened, against the Company or any officer, director or Key Employee of the Company arising out of their employment or board relationship with the Company that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor, to the Company’s knowledge, any of its officers, directors or Key Employees is a party or is named as subject to the provisions of any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality (in the case of officers, directors or Key Employees, such as would affect the Company) that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation by the Company pending or threatened in writing (or any basis therefor known to the Company) involving the prior employment of any of the Company’s employees, their services provided in connection with the Company’s business, any information or techniques allegedly proprietary to any of their former employers or their obligations under any agreements with prior employers that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Facility and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Loan Obligations.
This Agreement shall be (a) binding upon all successors and assigns of the Company (including any transferee of all or a substantial portion of the business, stock and/or assets of the Company and any direct or indirect successor by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law) and (b) binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. This Agreement shall continue for the benefit of Indemnitee and such heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators after Indemnitee has ceased to have Corporate Status.
(a) The audited consolidated balance sheets and the statements of income, stockholders’ or shareholders’ equity, and cash flow for Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and statements of income, stockholders’ or shareholders’ equity and cash flow for Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries, in each case as set forth in the Form 10, including the notes thereto, if applicable, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods referred to therein and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, and, except as set forth on Schedule 3.05 (as may be updated prior to the Spinoff Date in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent), were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, except, in the case of interim period financial statements, for the absence of notes and for normal year-end adjustments and except as otherwise noted therein.
This Agreement shall become effective (other than Sections 2.01 and 2.17, which shall only become effective upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01) when it shall have been executed by PPG and the Lender thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Lender and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lender.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Operative Documents to which it is a party (a) are within its powers, (b) have been duly authorized by all necessary action pursuant to its Organizational Documents, (c) require no further action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority, except for the filings necessary to perfect the Liens created by the Operative Documents and (d) do not violate, conflict with or cause a breach or a default under (i) any Law applicable to any Credit Party in any material respect, (ii) any of the Organizational Documents of any Credit Party, or (iii) any material agreement or instrument binding upon it, except for such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults as could not, with respect to this clause (iii), reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, and all claims relating to or arising out of this Agreement, or the breach thereof, whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, shall likewise be governed by the laws of Delaware, excluding such State’s choice-of-law principles. The Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction (to the extent that it has subject matter jurisdiction) in all matters arising under this Agreement, and the Parties hereto expressly consent and submit to the personal and subject matter jurisdiction of the Court. This Agreement does not limit or restrict the remedies available to any Party for the breach of another Party, and the Parties expressly reserve any and all remedies available to them, at law or in equity, for breach of this Agreement.
The   Restricted   Stock   Units   shall become vested   immediately prior to a Change in   Control   if   the   Restricted Stock Units would not otherwise be   continued,   converted, assumed, or   replaced   by the Company or   a   successor   entity thereto in   connection   with   such   Change   in   Control.
The parties agree to promptly sign all documents reasonably requested to give effect to the provisions of this Amendment.
If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall determine the effective date (the “ Increase Effective Date ”) and the final allocation of each increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Lenders (including any new Lenders) of the final allocation of such increase and such Increase Effective Date. On or before such Increase Effective Date, each Eligible Assignee that becomes a new Lender shall execute a joinder agreement to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent is authorized and directed to amend and distribute to the Lenders (including any new Lenders) a revised Schedule 2.01 that gives effect to each increase in the Aggregate Commitments and the allocation thereof among the Lenders (including any new Lenders). As soon as practicable (with the intention of avoiding or minimizing any additional amounts payable pursuant to Section  3.05 ), the applicable Borrower or Borrowers shall prepay any Loans outstanding on each Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section  3.05 ) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any revised Pro Rata Shares arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section.
Section 2.10(a)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all patents, patent applications, trademark registrations and pending applications for trademark registration, copyright registrations and pending applications for copyright registration and internet domain name registrations that are owned by any Target Company (collectively, the “ Registered Company Intellectual Property ”).  Each Target Company owns (free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens) or has the right to use all Intellectual Property owned by such Target Company, or used by such Target Company in connection with its business as presently conducted (collectively, the “ Company Intellectual Property ”).
An eligible employee may elect to participate in the MSPP with respect to any calendar year by submitting a participation agreement (in the form determined by the Company (a “Participation Agreement”) to the Company, prior to the date established by the Company, in the immediately preceding calendar year.
Tenant hereby agrees that except for damage or injury resulting from Landlord's sole active negligence or willful misconduct (subject to the provisions of Section 10.6 above), Landlord and Landlord’s Representatives (as defined in Section 11.2 below) shall not be liable for any damage to property or injury to persons in, on or about the Premises, the Building or the Project, regardless of whether such damage or injury is caused by or results from fire, steam, electricity, gas, water or rain, or from the breakage, leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, air conditioning or lighting fixtures or from any other cause, and regardless of whether the cause of such damage or injury or the means of repairing the same is inaccessible to Tenant. Landlord shall not be liable for any damages arising from any act or neglect of any other tenant, occupant or use of the Project or from the failure of Landlord to enforce the provisions of any other lease in the Project. Except for damage or injury resulting from Landlord's sole active negligence or willful misconduct (subject to the provisions of Section 10.6 above), Tenant, as a material part of the consideration to Landlord, hereby assumes all risk of damage to property or injury to persons, in, upon or about the Premises, the Building or the Project arising from any cause, and Tenant hereby waives all claims in respect thereof against Landlord.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XV , shall remain in effect on a country-by-country basis or in its entirety until the date on which the Royalty Term expires for such Product in such country (the “ Term ”), whereupon the license granted to Takeda under Section 3.1 shall become non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable.
This Agreement, together with any schedules and exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter thereof, and supersede all prior agreements with respect thereto.
If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction finds, or the parties mutually believe, any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit.  If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed $30,000,000, (ii) the Total Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment and (iii) each Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment.
Each Grantor hereby grants to the Collateral Agent a limited power of attorney to sign, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default at the direction of the Trustee or the requisite Holders in accordance with the Indenture, any document which may be required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office or similar registrar in order to effect an absolute assignment of all right, title and interest in each registered Intellectual Property Right and each application for such registration, and record the same. If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Collateral Agent may at the direction of the Trustee or the requisite Holders in accordance with the Indenture, by written notice to the relevant Grantor, take any or all of the following actions: (i) declare the entire right, title and interest of such Grantor in and to the Intellectual Property Rights, vested in the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in which event such rights, title and interest shall immediately vest, in the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to exercise the power of attorney referred to in this Section 6(g) hereof to execute, cause to be acknowledged and notarized and record said absolute assignment with the applicable agency or registrar; (ii) take and use or sell the Intellectual Property Rights; (iii) take and use or sell the goodwill of such Grantor’s business symbolized by the Marks and the right to carry on the business and use the assets of such Grantor in connection with which the Marks or Domain Names have been used; and (iv) direct such Grantor to refrain, in which event such Grantor shall refrain, from using the Intellectual Property Rights in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, and such Grantor shall execute such further documents that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request to further confirm this and to transfer ownership of the Intellectual Property Rights and registrations and any pending applications in the United States Copyright Office, United States Patent and Trademark Office, equivalent office in a state of the United States or a foreign jurisdiction or applicable Domain Name registrar to the Collateral Agent.
The Participant may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold from any transfer due under this Agreement or under the Plan or from any compensation or other amount owing to the Participant, applicable withholding taxes with respect to any transfer under this Agreement or under the Plan and to take such action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant's employment with the Company terminates prior to the transfer of all of the Shares under this Agreement, the payment of any applicable withholding taxes with respect to any further transfer of Shares under this Agreement or the Plan shall be made solely through the sale of Shares equal to the statutory minimum withholding liability.
Any dispute or controversy based on, arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration, conducted before a single neutral arbitrator in Brooklyn, New York in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) then in effect. Arbitration may be compelled, and judgment may be entered on the arbitration award in any court having jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be entitled to seek a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any violation of or continuation of any violation of the provisions of Section 3, and the Executive hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without requiring the Company to post a bond or prove that money damages for violations of the non-competition provision would be difficult to calculate and that remedies at law would be inadequate. Only individuals who are (i) lawyers engaged full-time in the practice of law and (ii) on the AAA roster of arbitrators shall be selected as an arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days following the conclusion of the arbitration hearing, the arbitrator shall prepare written findings of fact and conclusions of law. Each party shall bear its own costs and attorneys' fees in connection with an arbitration, and the costs of the arbitrator and the AAA's administrative fees shall be split evenly between the parties.
The consolidated balance sheets of Enservco as included in Enservco’s reports filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2013, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholder’s equity, and changes in cash flow for the period ended on such date, all accompanied by reports thereon containing opinions without qualification by independent certified public accountants, copies of which have been delivered to Agent and are available at www.sec.gov , have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied (except for changes in application in which such accountants concur) and present fairly the financial position of Enservco at such date and the results of their operations for such period. Since December 31, 2013, there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of Enservco on a Consolidated Basis as shown on the consolidated balance sheet as of such date and no material adverse change in the aggregate value of machinery, equipment and real property owned by Enservco on a Consolidated Basis, except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business, none of which individually or in the aggregate has been materially adverse which have been reflected on the financial statements subsequently filed with the SEC.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred, except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after such Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  If any party hereto shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10 , the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.
The Parties agree that each of the provisions included in this Agreement is separate, distinct, and severable from the other provisions of this Agreement and that the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. Further, if any provision of this Agreement is ruled invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction because of a conflict between the provision and any applicable law, regulation, or public policy, the provision shall be redrawn to make the provision consistent with, and valid and enforceable under, such law, regulation, or public policy.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(jj) , there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.    The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Notice or these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, if you die before the Fourth Vesting Date and before you have otherwise terminated employment with the Company Group, all remaining Forfeiture Restrictions shall immediately lapse on the date of the termination of your employment due to death.
No amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the Company and all Stockholders.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company’s principal office, and any notice to be given to Participant shall be addressed to Participant at Participant’s last address reflected on the Company’s records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 6.4, either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service.
Except as set forth in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 of the Borrower or the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed subsequent thereto but prior to the Closing Date or the registration statement on Form S-1 of the Borrower filed prior to the Closing Date, there are no actions, suits, investigations or other proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that purport to adversely affect the legality, validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents and are non-frivolous (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that this representation, when made, shall not constitute an admission that any action, suit, investigation or other proceeding set forth in any annual report on Form 10-K, any quarterly report on Form 10-Q or the registration statement on Form S-1 referred to above would result in a Material Adverse Effect due to an adverse determination, if any.
All initially capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company and each Subsidiary of the Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the Securities, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which the applicable entity is a party (i) are not and will not be subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) do not and will not conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, do not and will not conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement, or any other benefits received pursuant hereto, any Federal, state and/or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld under any applicable law or regulation, or, as applicable, may impute income for tax purposes, to the extent required with respect to any benefits under this Agreement.
All representations and warranties contained in this Guaranty or in any other agreement between the Guarantor and Minnetronix shall survive the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty and the creation and payment of the Obligations. Captions in this Guaranty are for reference and convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation or meaning of any provision of this Guaranty.
This Agreement and the Shareholder Agreement represent the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and no provision or document of any kind shall be included in or form a part of this Agreement except by mutual, written consent of the parties.
A one-time Interest charge of 10% shall be applied to the Principal Sum. The Interest is in addition to the OID, and that OID remains payable regardless of time and manner of payment by the Issuer. The Issuer may repay up to 98% (such that the Investor may retain 2%) of this Note at any time on or before 180 days after its Effective Date in an amount equal to 140% of the sum of the Principal Sum being repaid plus all accrued and unpaid interest, OID, liquidated damages, fees and other amounts due on such Principal Sum. The Issuer may not repay any payment of Consideration after 180 days after its Effective Date prior to its Maturity Date without written approval from the Investor.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of the Account Parties under this Agreement may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Article VIII (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Article VIII) for purposes of Section 3.01 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against any Account Party and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by any Account Party) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 3.01.
The Company shall (a) disclose the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby in its Quarterly Report on form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 20, 2016, or (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including this Agreement and the form of Note and Warrant as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the filing of such public disclosure, the Company represents to Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of Purchaser by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such public disclosure, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and Purchaser or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of Purchaser, or without the prior consent of Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of Purchaser, or include the name of Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or the OTC Market (“Trading Market”), without the prior written consent of Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of this Agreement with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
The Guarantor hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless each Guaranteed Creditor from and against any losses, costs or expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation costs) incurred by such Guaranteed Creditor in connection with any Guaranteed Creditor’s collection of any sum due hereunder or its enforcement of its and the other Guaranteed Creditors’ rights hereunder.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein (including Section 6.01 hereof), all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
Section and Subsection headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment or any other Loan Document.
Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Committee, care of the Company, at the Company’s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Grantee under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Grantee at the Grantee’s address as shown in the records of the Company. Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Committee) from time to time.
Except as set forth in the Revolver, the Originator has filed consolidated United States federal income tax returns for all taxable years ended on or before January 3, 2015, and such returns of the Originator for the taxable year ended January 3, 2015, and all taxable years ended before such date have been examined and approved by the Internal Revenue Service, and any additional assessments for any such year have been paid or the applicable statute of limitations therefor has expired. There are no assessments pending for the consolidated United States federal income tax returns of the Originator and its Subsidiaries for any taxable year ended after January 3, 2015, nor to the Actual Knowledge of the Originator is any such assessment threatened, other than those provided for by adequate reserves under GAAP and those that would not reasonably be expected to result in any Material Adverse Effect.
The obligations under this Agreement are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption or exclusion therefrom and shall in all respects be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Any payments that qualify for the “short-term deferral” exception, the separation pay exception or another exception under Section 409A of the Code shall be paid under the applicable exception to the maximum extent permissible. For purposes of the limitations on nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, each payment of compensation under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation for purposes of applying the exclusion under Section 409A of the Code for short-term deferral amounts, the separation pay exception or any other exception or exclusion under Section 409A of the Code. In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment under this Agreement. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a “separation from service” under Section 409A of the Code to the extent necessary in order to avoid the imposition of penalty taxes on the Executive pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.
The representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive for twelve (12) months following the Closing, except that (a) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Sections 2.1(a), 2.1(b), 2.1(c)(1) and 2.1(e) will survive for three (3) years following the Closing, and (b) the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Sections 2.2(a), 2.2(b)(1) or 2.2(c) will survive until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.  All of the covenants or other agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive until fully performed or fulfilled, unless and to the extent that non-compliance with such covenants or agreements is waived in writing by the party entitled to such performance.
The defined terms set forth in this Amendment shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Agreement.
If, after Administrative Agent has paid each Lender’s proportionate share of any payment received or applied by Administrative Agent in respect of the Loan, that payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or paid over by Administrative Agent, whether pursuant to any bankruptcy or insolvency law, sharing of payments clause of any loan agreement or otherwise, such Lender shall, at Administrative Agent’s request, promptly return its proportionate share of such payment or application to Administrative Agent, together with the Lender’s proportionate share of any interest or other amount required to be paid by Administrative Agent with respect to such payment or application.
Schedule 5.10 correctly sets forth, as of the Second Restatement Closing Date, each Subsidiary of the Credit Parties, its respective jurisdiction of organization and the percentage ownership (direct and indirect) of such Credit Party in each class of capital stock or other Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries and also identifies the direct owner thereof.
The Company has all necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and to consummate the Transaction, and no stockholder actions are necessary for the Company’s execution, delivery and performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents and to consummate the Transaction.
Unless this Agreement has otherwise terminated pursuant to Section 8.4, this Article II shall terminate on December 31, 2017. In addition, unless this Agreement has otherwise been terminated pursuant to Section 8.4 or this Article II has otherwise been terminated pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 2.11, Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.6 shall terminate upon a Change of Control of Archrock; provided , that in the event of such a termination, the Archrock Entities shall continue to be prohibited until December 31, 2017, without the prior written approval of the Conflicts Committee, from providing (whether directly, including through the acquisition of equipment, or indirectly through the acquisition of or investment in equity or debt securities of any Person) Competitive Services to a particular Partnership Customer at the particular Site at which the Partnership Group was providing Competitive Services to such Partnership Customer on the date of the Change of Control of Archrock.
During the Term, Executive’s base salary shall be $628,500 per year (the “Base Salary”), starting as of the Effective Date (pro-rated for any partial year), which Base Salary shall be (i) payable in installments in accordance with the Company’s standard payroll practices and policies, and (ii) subject to such withholding and other taxes as required by law or as otherwise permissible under such practices or policies. Annually during the Term, the Company shall review with the Executive his job performance and compensation, and if deemed appropriate by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Committee”), in its or their discretion, the Executive’s Base Salary may be increased but not decreased. After any such increase, the term “Base Salary” as used in this Agreement will thereafter refer to the increased amount. The Executive shall not receive additional compensation for service as a director on the Company’s Board or as a director of any Affiliate of the Company (other than reimbursement of reasonable expenses).
The provisions of this Section 7.7 are also for the benefit of the Indemnitees, their employees, officers, directors, trustees, heirs, successors, assigns and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons. Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.7 , or any provision hereof, shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitation on the Partnership’s liability to any Indemnitee under this Section 7.7 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or related to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted.
This Agreement shall not be assignable, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and any attempt to assign any rights or obligations arising under this Agreement without such consent shall be void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be assignable, in whole or in part, to (i) an Affiliate or (ii) a bona fide Third Party in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation or the sale or other transfer of all or a portion of the business or assets of a Party or its Affiliates to which this Agreement relates, so long as the resulting, surviving or transferee entity assumes all of the applicable obligations of the relevant Party by operation of law or pursuant to a written agreement (provided that for clarity, Versum shall not assign any of its rights hereunder with respect to the Air Products Licensed Engineering and Process Standards and Policies without Air Products’ prior written consent, except, subject to Section 7.2 , in the case of a Change of Control). No assignment permitted by this Section 8.4 shall release the assigning Party from liability for the full performance of its obligations under this Agreement prior to such assignment (or, with respect to any assignments of this Agreement in part, following such assignment with respect to such parts of this Agreement not so assigned). At the written request of a Party, the other Party shall promptly notify the requesting Party in writing of all Persons to which this Agreement or any part hereof has been assigned (and provide any other information reasonably requested in connection therewith).
The 2016-A Lease was fully and properly executed by the parties thereto and such 2016-A Lease represents the legal, valid and binding full-recourse payment obligation of the related Lessee, enforceable against such Lessee in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability is subject to or limited by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general or principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity).
The parties to this Agreement agree that, upon (i) the execution and delivery by each of the parties hereto of this Agreement and (ii) satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 , the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation. All “Loans” made and “Obligations” incurred under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Closing Date, if any, shall continue as Loans and Obligations under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, upon the effectiveness hereof: (a) all references in the “Loan Documents” (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the “Administrative Agent”, the “Credit Agreement” and the “Loan Documents” shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents, (b) all “Letters of Credit” issued (or deemed issued) under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement which remain outstanding on the Closing Date, if any, shall continue as Letters of Credit under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement, (c) notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of each Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the “Revolving Credit Obligations” under the Existing Credit Agreement and participations therein as are necessary in order that the Revolving Credit Obligations with respect to such Lender hereunder reflects such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Credit Obligations on the Closing Date and (d) to the extent any “Loans” are outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement on the Closing Date, the Borrowers hereby agree to compensate each Lender, unless waived by such Lender in its sole discretion, for any and all losses, costs and expenses incurred by such Lender in connection with the reallocation, sale or assignment of any Eurocurrency Rate Loans (including the “Eurocurrency Rate Loans” under the Existing Credit Agreement), in each case on the terms and in the manner set forth in Section 4.4 hereof.
Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires (a) words of any gender include each other gender, (b) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively, (c) the terms “hereof,” “herein,” “hereby,” and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement, (d) the terms “Article,” “Section,” and “Exhibit” refer to the specified Article, Section and Exhibit of this Agreement and (e) the terms “include,” “includes,” or “including,” shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation” unless otherwise indicated. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, unless otherwise specified, such number shall refer to calendar days. The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
The Executive’s employment shall terminate automatically if the Executive dies during the Employment Period.
Immediately prior to giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 350,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”), of which 143,182,111 shares are issued and outstanding, and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share (“Preferred Stock”), 5,000,000 shares of which are designated as "Series B Convertible Preferred Stock", none of which are issued and outstanding and 10,000,000 of which are designated as “Series C Convertible Preferred Stock”, 2,234,742 of which are issued and outstanding. As of the date hereof 9,050,000 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options granted under the Company's 2007 Stock Option Plan and 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options and other stock awards to be granted under the Company’s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 18,358,500 of which have been granted as of the date hereof). As of the date hereof there are outstanding warrants to purchase 37,860,648 shares of Common Stock, outstanding warrants to purchase 344,993 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and outstanding convertible notes convertible into 46,222,204 shares of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, 5,473,143 shares of Common Stock are issuable to prior purchasers of the Company’s securities as penalty shares.
EACH BORROWER AND LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE FINANCING DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. EACH BORROWER AND LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH HAS RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH BORROWER AND LENDER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY OF REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS.
This Amendment No. 2 may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 2 by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission (including by pdf e-mail transmission) shall have the same force and effect as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 2.  Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 2 by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall also deliver an original executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 2, but the failure to do so shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Amendment No. 2.
The 7th Floor Premises will have one (1) dedicated 277/480V 600amp panel for normal power. The rooftop/mechanical penthouse will have a 277/480V, 1200amp main panel, of which Tenant will have dedicated use of Tenant’s Pro Rata Share, with a sub-panel to be provided by Tenant.
The parties to each assignment shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (except with respect to any assignment by a Lender to one of its Affiliates), (C) an Administrative Questionnaire unless the assignee is already a Lender and (D) the documents required under Section 2.20(e) .
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall   not be assignable by any party, without the other party's written   consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, except that such   consent is not required in connection with the assignment of any parties’ obligation s to an affiliate of such party ;   provided ,   however ,   that any such assignment shall not relieve the parties hereto from any   obligations under this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without reference to its conflicts of laws principles.
Pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan and the Guidelines, the Committee will (in the case of a Covered Employee) and may (with respect to other Participants) adjust the Performance Targets for the relevant Performance Period to exclude the impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, all non-cash charges resulting from any write-down of oil and gas properties and all other non-cash components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI), other unusual or non-recurring items, and the cumulative effect of accounting changes, each as defined by generally accepted accounting principles and as identified in Southwestern’s audited financial statements, including the notes thereto.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible given the intent of the Parties hereto. If such clause or provision cannot be so enforced, such provision shall be stricken from this Agreement and the remainder of this Agreement shall be enforced as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable clause or provision had (to the extent not enforceable) never been contained in this Agreement.
Effective as of the Termination Date, Executive’s employment is terminated and he shall cease serving as Executive Vice President, Chief Banking O fficer of the Company, and in any other position he then holds as an officer, employee or member of the board of directors of the Company and/or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive agrees to execute such documents and take such other actions as the Company may request to reflect such terminations.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $4,500 (or $7,500 (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may agree, such lesser amount not to be less than $4,500 in any event) in the event that such transferor Lender is a Defaulting Lender) for each assignment (which fee the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive), and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. If requested by the transferor Lender or the assignee, upon the consummation of any assignment, the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent, the Company and the relevant Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that (i) to the extent requested by the assignee or transferor Lender, new Notes are issued to the assignee and such transferor Lender, as appropriate and (ii) any Notes held by the transferor Lender are promptly returned to the relevant Borrower for cancellation (and, to the extent not so returned, such Borrower shall be entitled to receive a customary indemnity agreement of the type described in Section 2.12.(c)(ii)(A) from such transferor Lender).
For all purposes related to the addresses stated in this contract, parties constitute special domicile in the locations indicated in this Agreement where all judicial or extrajudicial communications and notifications shall be valid. Any and all subsequent domicile changes must be communicated in a reliable manner to the other parties otherwise shall be fully effective like as if they had been made personally among parties. Additionally, this instrument is subject to the Laws of the Republic of Paraguay and it is irrevocable, obligating the contracting parties as well as their heirs, successors and legatees at any title for all legal purposes emerging from this commitment to submit under the jurisdiction of the Ordinary Courts of Ciudad del Este expressly waiving other jurisdiction for more rights they may have.
The Borrower shall use (i) the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date solely to pay the obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and Existing Notes and, to the extent of any remaining proceeds of Initial Term Loans after application thereto, Transaction Expenses, (ii) the proceeds of the Revolving Loans for general corporate purposes (including any transaction not prohibited by this Agreement); (iii) Letters of Credit for general corporate purposes; (iv) the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loans for general corporate purposes (including any transaction not prohibited by this Agreement) subject to any limitations specified in the applicable Incremental Agreement; and (v) the proceeds of the Additional/Replacement Revolving Loans for general corporate purposes (including any transaction not prohibited by this Agreement) subject to any limitations specified in the applicable Incremental Agreement and, in each case of this Section 6.10 , in compliance with Section 4.11 and the last sentence of each of clauses (a)  and (b)  of Section 4.20 .
Each exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to have been effected immediately prior to the close of business on the Exercise Date. As soon as practicable after each exercise of this Warrant, and in any event within three Business Days thereafter, the Company shall execute (or cause to be executed) and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the aggregate number of full Warrant Shares, if any, to be issued upon such exercise (which, upon Holder’s request, will be issued in book entry form in lieu of physical certificates), together with any cash in lieu of any fraction of a share as provided in Section 2(c) , or, in the case of Net Cash Settlement as provided in Section 2(a)(iii), if applicable, the relevant cash amount. The stock certificate or certificates so delivered shall be, to the extent possible, in such denomination or denominations as the exercising Holder shall reasonably request in the Exercise Notice or otherwise and shall be registered in the name of the Holder or such other name as shall be designated in the Exercise Notice.  This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised, and such stock certificate or certificates shall be deemed to have been issued, and the Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of the shares of Common Stock evidenced by such stock certificate or certificates for all purposes, as of the Exercise Date.
Each of Parent and Buyer is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its state of organization and has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of Parent and Buyer is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the conduct of its business; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 or any disposition permitted under Section 6.05.
The Executive and the Company each acknowledge that a breach of his/its covenants contained in this Section 6 may cause irreparable damage to the other party, the exact amount of which would be difficult to ascertain, and that the remedies at law for any such breach or threatened breach would be inadequate. Accordingly, each party agrees that if he/it breaches or threatens to breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 6, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the other party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief to prevent the breach or any threatened breach thereof without bond or other security or a showing that monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy.
Each of the Sellers and the Purchaser will hold, and will cause the Company and its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, attorneys and other representatives to hold, in strict confidence, unless compelled to disclose by judicial or administrative process (including, without limitation, in connection with obtaining the necessary approval of insurance regulatory authorities) or by other requirements of Law, all confidential documents and confidential information concerning the other Party furnished to it by the other Party or such other Party's officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, attorneys or representatives in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that such documents or information can be shown to have been previously lawfully known by the Party receiving such documents or information, in the public domain through no fault of such receiving Party, or later acquired by the receiving Party from other sources not themselves bound by, and in breach of, a confidentiality agreement.  Neither the Sellers nor the Purchaser will disclose or otherwise provide any such confidential documents or confidential information to any other Person, except to either Party's respective auditors, actuaries, attorneys, financial advisors, and other consultants and advisors who need such documents or information in connection with this Agreement and except as required by the provisions of Sections 5.1 and 6.1 .   This Section 12.5 shall survive termination of this Agreement for a period of thirteen (13) months.
The terms of this Article 9 shall survive the Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement.
This Letter Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. This Letter Agreement may be executed by facsimile or PDF signature and a facsimile or PDF signature shall constitute an original signature for all purposes.
If RDH determines that the Code or Regulations (or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law) requires the Company to withhold with respect to any Member’s distributive share of income or share of distributions, the Company shall do so. Such withheld amounts shall be from cash otherwise distributable to such Member, which shall be deemed to have been distributed hereunder to such Member. The Members shall be authorized to take such other actions as shall be necessary or appropriate for the Members to comply with the Company’s obligations under applicable tax laws. In the event any such payment made by the Members to the IRS or other taxing authority exceeds the amount of cash otherwise then distributable to such Member, the amount of such payment equal to such excess shall constitute an advance by the Company to such Member for which such Member shall have personal liability, and such Member shall immediately repay such advance to the Company, together with interest thereon from the date when such payment is made to the date of repayment, at a rate of interest equal to the applicable federal rate as published by the IRS at the time such excess advance was made.
All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Subscription Agreement shall survive (i) the acceptance of the subscription by the Company and the Closing, (ii) changes in the transactions, documents and instruments described in the Disclosure Materials which are not material or which are to the benefit of the undersigned and (iii) the death or disability of the undersigned.
The waiver by either party of any breach or violation of any provision of this Agreement or the failure by any party to take action in response to the conduct or performance of any party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach, violation, conduct or performance.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, then such contravention or invalidity shall not invalidate the entire Agreement. Such provision shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary to render it legal, valid and enforceable, and if no such modification shall render it legal, valid and enforceable, then this Agreement shall be construed as if not containing the provision held to be invalid, and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced accordingly.
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE GUARANTORS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK (OR THE STATE COURTS SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE EVENT THE FEDERAL COURTS LACK SUBJECT JURISDICTION) IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE GUARANTORS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
The Plan shall be binding upon all persons entitled to benefits under the Plan, their respective heirs and legal representatives, upon the Employer, its successors and assigns, and upon the Trustee, the Committee, and their successors.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Any notice under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principal executive office of the Company, with a copy to Stock Plan Administration, at the principal executive office of the Company, and to the Grantee at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for the Grantee or to either party at such other address as either party hereto may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the First Lien Representatives, the First Lien Secured Parties, the other First Lien Secured Parties, the Second Lien Representative, the Second Lien Secured Parties, the other Second Lien Secured Parties, the Third Lien Representative, the Third Lien Secured Parties, the other Third Lien Secured Parties, the Company and the other Grantors, and their respective successors and assigns. If any of the First Lien Representatives, the First Lien Collateral Agents, the Second Lien Representative or the Second Lien Collateral Agent, the Third Lien Representative or the Third Lien Collateral Agent resigns or is replaced pursuant to the First Lien Documents, the Second Lien Documents or the Third Lien Documents, as applicable, its successor shall be deemed to be a party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights of, and be subject to all the obligations of, this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of a trustee, debtor-in-possession, creditor trust or other representative of an estate or creditor of any Grantor, including where any such trustee, debtor-in-possession, creditor trust or other representative of an estate is the beneficiary of a Lien securing Collateral by virtue of the avoidance of such Lien in an Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding.
Mortgagor hereby consents to personal jurisdiction in any state or Federal court located in Boston, Massachusetts or New York, New York.
The captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any of the provisions hereof.
During the Employment Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“ Annual Base Salary ”) at a rate of not less than $500,000 payable in accordance with Employer’s normal payroll policies. The Executive’s Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed for increase at least annually by the Bank Board, the Bancorp Board and/or the Compensation Committee of the Bancorp Board (the “ Compensation Committee ”) pursuant to normal performance review policies. The Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any increase and the term “Annual Base Salary” as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date (other than with respect to any obligations under Secured Cash Management Agreements, Secured Hedge Agreements or Permitted Bi-Lateral Letter of Credit Facility).  The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the occurrence of the Termination Date, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII of the Original Credit Agreement shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) and the termination of Commitments (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) or the effectiveness of this Agreement (including the amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement) or any other amendments to any Loan Document or any provision of any of the foregoing in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.
The provisions of this Article 4 and the obligations of Developer and Coach Legacy, and their respective successors and assigns, shall survive the Closing and the termination of this Agreement for the periods provided in this Section 4.01.
Each Seller and the Parent Company represents it has not assigned, hypothecated or otherwise conveyed their right, title, and interest in the Receivables to any person or entity other than the Purchaser.
As of the Trade Date, the Initial Share Delivery Date and the Prepayment Date, (a) the aggregate fair market value of Counterparty’s assets will exceed its liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities), (b) it has not engaged in and will not engage in any business or transaction after which the property remaining with it will be unreasonably small in relation to its business, (c) it has not incurred and does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay as they mature, and (d) as a result of entering into and performing its obligations under the Transaction, (x) it has not violated and will not violate any relevant state law provision applicable to the acquisition or redemption by an issuer of its own securities and (y) it would not be nor would it be rendered “insolvent” (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) (the “ Bankruptcy Code ”)).
The Contributors shall have performed all obligations to be performed by them, and complied with their agreements and covenants to be performed or complied with by them under this Agreement on or prior to the Closing.
For any fiscal year or other accounting period for the applicable Person, balance sheets, statements of operations and capital accounts, and statements of cash flows setting forth in comparative form the corresponding figures for the year-earlier fiscal period.
All headings used herein are used for convenience only and will not be used to construe or interpret this Note. Except where otherwise indicated, all references herein to Sections refer to Sections hereof.
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN NEW YORK COUNTY, BEFORE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION & MEDIATION SERVICES (" JAMS" ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES (" JAMS RULES" ). THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH NEW YORK LAW, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL NEW YORK LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH NEW YORK LAW, NEW YORK LAW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL AWARD ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN.
Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that would, if made, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries maintain adequate reserves for the payment of payment of any sales or use tax obligations in each jurisdiction where Borrower or such Subsidiary is required to pay such taxes.
Except as set forth in the Settlement Agreement, each party hereto will be responsible for and bear all of its respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
All payments to be made to or benefits to be received by Executive under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding to satisfy required withholding taxes and other required deductions.
The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if such issuance would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of the Securities Act. The provisions of this  Section 2.4  shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms hereof only if necessary to ensure compliance with the Securities Act.
All notices, instructions (pursuant to a Joint Written Direction or otherwise), approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when such writing is delivered by hand or overnight delivery service, or (b) upon telephone call-back in accordance with Section 16 below, after being sent by e-mail with PDF attachment from the designated e-mail account(s) of the sending person(s) as designated on Schedule A hereto to the designated e-mail account(s) of the receiving person(s) as designated on Schedule A hereto or (c) three (3) Business Days after being mailed by first class mail (postage prepaid), in each case to the address set forth on Schedule A hereto or to such other address as each party hereto may designate for itself by like notice.
Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a limited liability company under the Laws of the State of Delaware, except where such failure to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect.
Directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Extension of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as a Lender, an Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer or otherwise) of Sanctions.
This Agreement and the respective rights and obligations hereunder may not be assigned by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party.
Each Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall perform all covenants in this Section 4.01(b) .
This Note has been duly executed and delivered by the Maker. This Note constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Maker, enforceable against the Maker in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Debtor Relief Laws.
All agreements, representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, any investigation at any time made, the sale and purchase of the Purchased Shares, and any disposition of the Purchased Shares by the Investor.
In addition to all other amounts payable to Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for legal fees (including without limitation, any and all court costs, arbitration costs, and attorneys' fees and expenses), incurred by Executive in connection with or as a result of any claim, action or proceeding brought by the Company or Executive with respect to or arising out of this Agreement or any provision hereof, unless, in the case of an action brought by Executive, it is determined by an arbitrator or by a court of competent jurisdiction that such action was frivolous and was not brought in good faith. Such legal fees shall be paid or reimbursed by the Company from time to time within five business days following receipt by the Company of copies of bills for such fees and if the Company fails to make such payment within such five day period, the Company shall pay Executive interest thereon at the rate of 10% per annum.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Company and the Shareholder with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the Company and the Shareholder with respect to the subject matter hereof.
During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the “ Base Salary ”) at the annual rate of the equivalent of US$1,000,000 payable in pounds sterling (“ GBP ”), converted at an exchange rate equal to the average of the daily US$:GBP spot exchange rates published by the Bank of England on each day of September 2016. The Base Salary shall be payable in arrears, in accordance with the usual payment practices of the Company. Salary shall be inclusive of any sums receivable (and shall abate by any sums received) by the Executive as director’s fees from any Group Company or otherwise arising from any office, held by the Executive by virtue of his employment under this Agreement. Executive’s Base Salary shall be subject to periodic review by the Board, not less frequently than annually, for possible increase and any such increased rate will thereafter be the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement. Under no circumstances may the Base Salary be decreased during the Employment Term.
The paragraph and subparagraph headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience and reference only.  They are not intended to define, limit, or expand the scope of the provisions of this Agreement.
All information submitted by or on behalf of Borrower or Operating Lessee to Lender and in all financial statements, rent rolls (including the rent roll attached hereto as Schedule IV ), reports, certificates and other documents submitted in connection with the Loan or in satisfaction of the terms thereof and all statements of fact made by Borrower or Operating Lessee in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, are true, complete and correct in all material respects. To Borrower’s knowledge, there has been no material adverse change in any condition, fact, circumstance or event that would make any such information inaccurate, incomplete or otherwise misleading in any material respect or that is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower, Operating Lessee and Guarantor have disclosed to Lender all material facts with respect to Borrower, Operating Lessee, Guarantor or the Property and has not failed to disclose any material fact that could cause any Provided Information or representation or warranty made herein to be materially misleading.
The Company agrees to employ Executive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and Executive agrees to be so employed, for a term of three (3) years and five (5) months (the “ Initial Term ”) commencing as of the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive’s employment hereunder may be earlier terminated in accordance with Section 9 hereof, subject to Section 10 hereof. Terms used herein with initial capitalization not otherwise defined are defined in Section 25 . The period of time between the Effective Date and the termination of Executive’s employment hereunder shall be referred to as the “ Employment Period .” Unless the Company gives Executive written notice at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term (as defined below), as the case may be, of its intent that this Agreement shall expire at the end of such Initial Term or Renewal Term, this Agreement shall automatically and without further action by the Company or Executive renew for another term of one (1) year on the same terms and conditions, including this sentence, except that such renewal term and any succeeding renewal term shall be the “Renewal Term” and “Renewal Term” shall replace (Initial Term”.
No provision in this Agreement shall be supplemented, deleted or amended except in a writing executed by an authorized representative of each of Teva and Regeneron.
In the event that your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates due to your death, your Performance Shares will be due and payable in Shares (or cash at a value equal to the Closing Price on the date of your death, if so determined by the Committee). Any payment will be made at the time specified in Section 8.
The General Partner Entity may, in its sole and absolute discretion, from time to time hold or acquire assets in its own name or otherwise other than through the Partnership so long as the General Partner and the General Partner Entity take commercially reasonable measures to ensure that the economic benefits and burdens of such assets (other than Qualified Assets, as to which no adjustments shall be required) are otherwise vested in the Partnership, through assignment, mortgage loan or otherwise or, if it is not commercially reasonable to vest such economic interests in the Partnership, the General Partner shall make such amendments to this Agreement as the General Partner determines are necessary or desirable, including, without limitation, adjusting the Conversion Factor to reflect such activities and the direct ownership of assets by the General Partner Entity. Nothing contained in this Agreement (including this Section 7.5) shall be deemed to prohibit the General Partner Entity from guaranteeing or being a co-obligor, co-borrower, guarantor or surety of, or otherwise providing credit support of any kind in respect of, any Debt or other indebtedness or obligations of the Partnership.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.6 , (a) all Tax Returns required to be filed by the Company or any Subsidiary have been filed; (b) all Taxes due and payable by the Company or any Subsidiary have been paid whether or not shown as due on such Tax Returns; (c) there are no Liens (other than Permitted Liens) on any of the assets (including the Assets) of the Company or any Subsidiary that arose in connection with the failure to pay any Tax by the Company or any Subsidiary; (d) there are no Proceedings, claims or notices of deficiency pending against or threatened in writing against the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any Tax; (e) no Tax Returns of the Company or any Subsidiary are currently under audit or examination by any Governmental Authority; (f) there are no agreements or waivers currently in effect that provide for an extension of time with respect to the filing of any Tax Return by the Company or any Subsidiary or the assessment or collection of any Tax from the Company or any Subsidiary; (g) no written claim has been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any Subsidiary does not file a Tax Return or pay a Tax directly that it is or may be required to file a Tax Return or pay a Tax (as the case may be) in that jurisdiction; (h) none of the Company or any Subsidiary (i) has entered into any agreement or arrangement with any Governmental Authority that requires it to take any action or refrain from taking any action with respect to Tax matters, (ii) is a party to any agreement with any Governmental Authority with respect to Tax matters that would be terminated or adversely affected as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) has participated in, is currently participating in, or has any liability for the payment of any Tax resulting from a Person’s participation in, any “reportable transaction” within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b) (and all predecessor regulations) or any transaction requiring disclosure under a corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law), (iv) is a party to any Tax sharing, allocation, indemnity or any similar written or unwritten agreement, arrangement, understanding or practice relating to Taxes with any Person other than the Company and/or any Subsidiary, or (v) has ever been a member of a Consolidated Group and has potential liability for the Taxes of any Person (in each case, other than with respect to the Company, the Seller and/or any Subsidiary) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise; and (j) since its formation, the Company and each Subsidiary (i) has either been classified as a partnership or disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and state, local or foreign income Tax purposes where applicable) and (ii) has not filed any election to be classified as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or for state, local or foreign income Tax purposes where applicable). Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, (A) the representations and warranties in this Section 5.6 are being made only with respect to Taxes that relate to the Company or any Subsidiary and (B) this Section 5.6 shall be the exclusive representations and warranties of Seller with respect to Tax matters, and no other representations or warranties are made with respect to such matters, including pursuant to Section 5.5 or Section 5.7 .
THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND/OR THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAW RULES THEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO INTEND THAT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SHALL APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT.
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Sections 10.09 and 10.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis . The provisions of this First Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties, Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and the Lenders and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
ImmunoGen and Biotest shall bear all the expenses of their respective JMC members related to their participation on the JMC and attendance at JMC meetings.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. The parties will negotiate in good faith to replace any provision that is invalid or unenforceable with such other valid provision that most closely replicates the economic effect and rights and benefits of such invalid or unenforceable provision.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.
The Company will indemnify and hold the Investor and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each person who controls the Investor, and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a “ Purchaser Party ”) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or the Note or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by herein (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Party’s representations, warranties or covenants under this Agreement or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party’s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or the Note. The indemnification required by this Section 4 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.
Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Materials (as hereinafter defined) to be brought upon, kept, used, stored, handled, treated, generated in or about, or released or disposed of from, the Premises or the Project in violation of applicable Environmental Requirements (as hereinafter defined) by Tenant or any Tenant Party or subtenant. If Tenant breaches the obligation stated in the preceding sentence, or if the presence of Hazardous Materials in the Premises is caused or permitted by Tenant or any Tenant Party during the Term or any holding over results in contamination of the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property, or if contamination of the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property by Hazardous Materials brought into, kept, used, stored, handled, treated, generated in or about, or released or disposed of from, the Premises by Tenant or any Tenant Party or subtenant otherwise occurs during the Term or any holding over, Tenant hereby indemnifies and shall defend and hold Landlord, its officers, directors, employees, agents and contractors harmless from any and all actions (including, without limitation, remedial or enforcement actions of any kind, administrative or judicial proceedings, and orders or judgments arising out of or resulting therefrom), costs, claims, damages (including, without limitation, punitive damages and damages based upon diminution in value of the Premises or the Project, or the loss of, or restriction on, use of the Premises or any portion of the Project), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’, consultants’ and experts’ fees, court costs and amounts paid in settlement of any claims or actions), fines, forfeitures or other civil, administrative or criminal penalties, injunctive or other relief (whether or not based upon personal injury, property damage, or contamination of, or adverse effects upon, the environment, water tables or natural resources), liabilities or losses (collectively, “ Environmental Claims ”) which arise during or after the Term as a result of such contamination. This indemnification of Landlord by Tenant includes, without limitation, costs incurred in connection with any investigation of site conditions or any cleanup, treatment, remedial, removal, or restoration work required by any federal, state or local Governmental Authority because of Hazardous Materials present in the air, soil or ground water above, on, or under the Premises. Without limiting the foregoing, if the presence of any Hazardous Materials on the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property caused or permitted by Tenant or any Tenant Party results in any contamination of the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property, Tenant shall promptly take all actions at its sole expense and in accordance with applicable Environmental Requirements as are necessary to return the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property to the condition existing prior to the time of such contamination, provided that Landlord’s approval of such action shall first be obtained, which approval shall not unreasonably be withheld so long as such actions would not potentially have any material adverse long-term or short-term effect on the Premises or the Project.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but any number of which, taken together, shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.
This Guaranty Agreement, together with the Credit Agreement, any Hedge Agreement and other Loan Documents, constitutes and expresses the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements, understandings, inducements, commitments or conditions, express or implied, oral or written, except as herein contained. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. Except as provided in Section 21 , neither this Guaranty Agreement nor any portion or provision hereof or thereof may be changed, altered, modified, supplemented, discharged, canceled, terminated, or amended orally or in any manner other than as provided in the Credit Agreement.
During the Employment Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“Annual Base Salary”) of Four Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($425,000). The Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) no less frequently than annually during the Employment Period and may be increased (but not decreased) at the discretion of the Committee or the Board. If the Executive’s Annual Base Salary is increased, the increased amount shall be the new Annual Base Salary for the remainder of the Employment Period, subject to continued annual review and adjustment. The Annual Base Salary shall be payable in installments subject to legally required tax withholdings, consistent with the Company’s payroll procedures in effect from time to time.
No provision of the Separation Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement shall be deemed to release any individual, and the Versum Group shall not have the ability to release any individual, for any violation of the Air Products non-competition guidelines or any agreement or policy pertaining to confidential or proprietary information of any member of the Air Products Group, or otherwise relieve any individual of his or her obligations under such non-competition guidelines, agreement or policy, provided that service with the Versum Group shall not constitute a violation of any such non-competition guidelines.
Notwithstanding anything in this Article XIII or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary, any amendment and restatement of the Unitholder Registry by the Trustee to reflect events or changes otherwise authorized or permitted by this Agreement shall not be deemed an amendment of this Agreement and may be done at any time and from time to time, as determined by the Trustee without the Consent of the Non-Trustee Unitholders and without any notice requirement.
This Agreement is personal in its nature and the parties shall not, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder.
Participants in the Plan shall be those Eligible Persons who, in the judgment of the Committee (or, pursuant to Section 3.4(b), the Chief Executive Officer of the Company), are performing, or during the term of their incentive arrangement will perform, vital services in the management, operation, and development of the Company or an Affiliate, and significantly contribute, or are expected to significantly contribute, to the achievement of the Company’s long-term corporate economic objectives. Participants may be granted from time to time one or more Awards; provided, however, that the grant of each such Award shall be separately approved by the Committee or granted in accordance with Section 3.4(b) hereof, and receipt of one such Award shall not result in automatic receipt of any other Award. Upon determination that an Award is to be granted to a Participant, as soon as practicable, written notice shall be given to such person, specifying the terms, conditions, rights and duties related thereto. Each Participant shall, if required by the Committee, enter into an agreement with the Company, in such form as the Committee shall determine and which is consistent with the provisions of the Plan, specifying such terms, conditions, rights, and duties. Awards shall be deemed to be granted as of the date specified in the grant resolution of the Committee (or, in the case of grants made pursuant to Section 3.4(b), in accordance with the guidelines established by the Committee), which date shall be the date of any related agreement with the Participant. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan and any such agreement entered into hereunder, the provisions of the Plan shall govern.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials filed prior to the date hereof, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the “ SEC Reports ”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (“ GAAP ”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
As of the date hereof, there are no other agreements entered into between the Financial Institution and the Pledgor with respect to any Designated Account or any funds credited thereto (other than standard and customary documentation with respect to the establishment and maintenance of such Designated Accounts). The Financial Institution and the Pledgor will not enter into any other agreement with respect to any Designated Account unless the Controlling Party shall have received prior written notice thereof. The Financial Institution and the Pledgor will not enter into any other agreement with respect to “control” of the Designated Accounts without the prior written consent of the Agents, each acting in its sole discretion. In the event of any conflict with respect to “control” over any Designated Account between this Control Agreement (or any portion hereof) and any other agreement now existing or hereafter entered into, the terms of this Control Agreement shall prevail. No amendment or modification of this Control Agreement or waiver of any right hereunder shall be binding on any party hereto unless it is in writing and is signed by all the parties hereto.
The Participant shall pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to do so, regarding the payment of federal, state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to any amount includable in the Participant's gross income with respect to his or her participation in the Plan.
Headings contained in this First Amendment are for convenience only and are not substantive to the provisions of this First Amendment.
If, in any jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or its application to any circumstance is restricted, prohibited or unenforceable, that provision shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of that restriction, prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement, without affecting the validity or enforceability of that provision in any other jurisdiction and, if applicable, without affecting its application to other circumstances.
This Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part, and terms and conditions may be waived, only by a duly authorized agreement in writing which makes reference to this Agreement executed by all of the Parties.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Administrative Agent or any Grantor hereunder shall be addressed to the Company and effected in the manner provided for in Section 15.3 of the Credit Agreement and each Grantor hereby appoints the Company as its agent to receive notices hereunder.
Any and all notices statements, demands or other communications hereunder may be given by a party to the other by mail, email, facsimile, messenger or otherwise to the address specified below, or so sent to such party at any other place specified in a notice of change of address hereafter received by the other.  All notices, demands and requests hereunder may be made orally, to be confirmed promptly in writing, or by other communication as specified in the preceding sentence.
This Agreement may not be changed or altered, except by a writing signed by both Parties. Until such time as this Agreement has been executed and subscribed by both Parties hereto: (i) its terms and conditions and any discussions relating thereto, without any exception whatsoever, shall not be binding nor enforceable for any purpose upon any party; and (ii) no provision contained herein shall be construed as an inducement to act or to withhold an action, or be relied upon as such. This Agreement constitutes an integrated, written contract, expressing the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties.
This Agreement shall not be amended, altered, changed, modified, supplemented or rescinded in any manner except by a written contract executed by all of the parties.
(a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.37, a facility fee for the period from and including the date hereof to the last day of the Commitment Period, computed at the Facility Fee Rate on the actual daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether or not utilized) during the period for which payment is made, payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December and on the later of the Termination Date and the date the Commitments have been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan, all fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under this Agreement shall have been paid in full. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Lender continues to have any Outstanding Extensions of Credit after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender’s Outstanding Extensions of Credit from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Outstanding Extensions of Credit.
In the course of your employment by the Company hereunder, you will have access to confidential or proprietary data or information of the Company and its operations. You will not at any time divulge or communicate to any person nor will you direct any Company employee to divulge or communicate to any person (other than to a person bound by confidentiality obligations similar to those contained herein and other than as necessary in performing your duties hereunder) or use to the detriment of the Company or for the benefit of any other person, any of such data or information. The provisions of this Section 7(a) will survive your employment hereunder, whether by the normal expiration thereof or otherwise. The term “confidential or proprietary data or information” as used in this Agreement will mean information not generally available to the public or generally known within the relevant industry, including, without limitation, personnel information, financial information, customer lists, supplier lists, trade secrets, information regarding operations, systems, services, knowhow, computer and any other processed or collated data, computer programs, pricing, marketing and advertising data. Nothing in this agreement shall prohibit or impede you from making disclosures to any federal, state or local governmental or law enforcement branch, agency or entity with respect to possible violations of any U.S. federal, state or local law or regulation, or otherwise making disclosures to any of the foregoing that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any such law or regulation. You shall have no obligation to obtain any authorization or give any notice to the Company regarding any such communication or disclosure.
Seller and Buyer agree that, from time to time for a reasonable period after the Closing Date, each of them will execute and deliver such further instruments of conveyance and transfer and take such other action as may be reasonably requested by the other party to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years ending on the third anniversary of the Effective Date or, if later, ending on the last day of any extension made pursuant to the next sentence, subject to prior termination as set forth in Section 9 (such term, including any extensions pursuant to the next sentence, the "Employment Term"). The Employment Term shall be extended automatically for one (1) additional year on the second year anniversary of the Effective Date and for an additional year each anniversary thereafter unless and until either party gives written notice to the other not to extend the Employment Term prior to such extension becoming effectuated.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Agreement and used herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.
If any term or other provision of this letter agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this letter agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this letter agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.
This Plan shall be regulated, construed and administered under the laws of the State of Texas, except when preempted by federal law.
The Committee shall determine the restriction period, provided that (i) Restricted Stock Unit grants which are time-based shall vest ratably over a period of not less than three years (1/3 on each of the first, second and third grant date anniversaries), each such year to be considered a “Vesting Year” and (ii) Restricted Stock Unit grants which are performance-based shall vest over a period of not less than one year.
In the event any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, all other provisions of the Agreement that are not affected by the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall remain in full force and effect.
If the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute any Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in the defense or prosecution thereof and shall furnish such records, information and testimony, provide such witnesses and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials and appeals as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith. Such cooperation shall include access during normal business hours afforded to the Indemnifying Party to, and reasonable retention by the Grifols Indemnified Party or the Aradigm Indemnified Party, as applicable, of, records and information that are reasonably relevant to such Third Party Claim, and making employees and agents available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder, and the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for all its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection therewith.
No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement (including the Exhibits and Seller Disclosure Schedule) shall be effective unless it shall be in writing and signed by both parties hereto; provided that the consent of the Financing Sources shall be required to amend the rights of any Financing Source under Section 15.01 , Section 15.02 , this Section 15.05 , Section 15.13, Section 15.14 , Section 15.15 and Section 15.16 .
If (a) any Preferred Shares are placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or a Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Shares or to enforce the provisions of this Certificate of Designations or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors’ rights and involving a claim under this Certificate of Designations, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by such Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and disbursements.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and expire on the expiration of the last-to-expire Royalty Term (“ Term ”). Upon expiration of the Term of this Agreement, (a) the rights granted to Collegium in the Territory under Section 3.02 shall survive and become perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, and fully-paid, and nonexclusive and (b) the rights granted to Collegium in the Territory under Section 3.03 shall survive, provided that BDSI shall retain the right to terminate such rights granted under Section 3.03 as set forth therein or, in a manner substantially similar to that set forth in Section 13.02(b), for Collegium’s material, uncured breach of Section 3.03.
Each Party shall cooperate with the other Party in connection with all activities relating to the Prosecution and Maintenance of the Angionetics Patents undertaken by such other Party pursuant to this Section 9.2, including: (i) making available in a timely manner any documents or information such other Party reasonably requests to facilitate such other Party’s Prosecution and Maintenance of the Angionetics Patents pursuant to this Section 9.2; and (ii) if and as appropriate, signing (or causing to have signed) all documents relating to the prosecution and maintenance of any Angionetics Patents by such other Party. Each Party shall also promptly provide to the other Party all information reasonably requested by such other Party with regard to such Party’s activities pursuant to this Section 9.2. Licensee shall hold all information disclosed to it under this Section as Confidential Information.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing and unless otherwise stated shall be made by email or letter to each party hereto, at its address set forth under its name on Schedule IV hereto or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All notices, requests and demands shall be deemed to have been duly given or made (a) when dispatched by email during the recipient’s normal business hours when the confirmation showing the completed transmission has been received, or (b) if mailed via a reputable international courier, when it has been left at the relevant address or five (5) Business Days after being delivered to such reputable international courier, in an envelope addressed to the applicable person at that address and to the attention of the person(s) set forth above. Each party to this Agreement shall promptly inform the other parties hereto of any changes in their respective addresses or email addresses specified herein.
Each Loan Party (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) and its successors-in-title, legal representatives and assignees and, to the extent the same is claimed by right of, through or under any Loan Party, for its past, present and future employees, agents, representatives, officers, directors, shareholders, and trustees (each, a “ Releasing Party ” and collectively, the “ Releasing Parties ”), does hereby remise, release and discharge, and shall be deemed to have forever remised, released and discharged, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each of the other Secured Parties, and the Administrative Agent’s, each Lender’s and each other Secured Party’s respective successors-in-title, legal representatives and assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates, shareholders, trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals and all other persons and entities to whom any of the foregoing would be liable if such persons or entities were found to be liable to any Releasing Party, or any of them (collectively hereinafter the “ Lender Parties ”), from any and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, claims, charges, demands, counterclaims, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, damages, judgments, expenses, executions, liens, claims of liens, claims of costs, penalties, attorneys’ fees, or any other compensation, recovery or relief on account of any liability, obligation, demand or cause of action of whatever nature, whether in law, equity or otherwise (including, without limitation, any so called “lender liability” claims, claims for subordination (whether equitable or otherwise), interest or other carrying costs, penalties, legal, accounting and other professional fees and expenses and incidental, consequential and punitive damages payable to third parties, or any claims arising under 11 U.S.C. §§ 541-550 or any claims for avoidance or recovery under any other federal, state or foreign law equivalent), whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, joint and/or several, secured or unsecured, due or not due, primary or secondary, liquidated or unliquidated, contractual or tortious, direct, indirect, or derivative, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, now existing, heretofore existing or which may heretofore have accrued against any of the Lender Parties under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, whether held in a personal or representative capacity, and which are based on any act, fact, event or omission or other matter, cause or thing occurring at or from any time prior to and including the date hereof in any way, directly or indirectly arising out of, connected with or relating to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and the transactions contemplated thereby, and all other agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents and statements (whether written or oral) related to any of the foregoing (each, a “ Claim ” and collectively, the “ Claims ”), in each case, other than Claims arising from Lender Parties’ gross negligence, fraud, or willful misconduct. Each Releasing Party further stipulates and agrees with respect to all Claims, that it hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all provisions, rights, and benefits conferred by any applicable U.S. federal or state law, or any principle of common law, that would otherwise limit a release or discharge of any unknown Claims pursuant to this Section 11.
It is the express intention and agreement of the parties hereto that the provisions of Sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 17, 18 and 20 hereof and this Section 13 shall survive the termination of employment of the Executive. In addition, all obligations of the Employer to make payments hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
You acknowledge and agree that, except as set forth herein, this Agreement supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous oral and/or written agreements between you and the Company, and sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company. No variations or modifications hereof shall be deemed valid unless reduced to writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of California and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of California without giving effect to conflict of law principles. To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Agreement, you and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance or interpretation of this Agreement shall be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law by final, binding and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in San Diego County, California, conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) under the applicable JAMS employment rules, or other arbitrator or arbitration rules to which you and the Company mutually agree. The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (b) issue a confidential written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator’s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any or all remedies that you or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The parties to this agreement shall split equally all arbitrator and arbitration administrative fees. In the event that either party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under or relating to this Agreement the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with such an action. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either you or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if for any reason any part hereof shall be found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be enforced in full. The Company agrees that any person or entity making an inquiry concerning you or your employment with the Company shall be informed that it is the policy of the Company to make no comment on the performance of its employees other than to confirm the employee’s period of employment and title. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you direct a prospective employer to contact either Leslie Cross or Donald Williams, the Company agrees that either of Messrs. Cross or Williams shall provide a reference to the prospective employer.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, as conditions to the Company’s being obligated to make the separation payments and provide the benefits described in Sections 4.1(d) – 4.1(h) (and, by extension, Section 4.2)), (a) within 60 days after the date of Executive’s termination, the Company must have received from Executive an executed valid general release of claims substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A , that is no longer subject to revocation, and (b) on or before Executive’s termination date, the Executive shall have (1) turned over all Company property in his possession or control to the Company, and (2) resigned from the Board of the Company and the board of directors or comparable body of every subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Company, and every committee thereof. Executive shall not be entitled to receive such severance payment and benefits if the conditions described in the preceding sentence are not timely satisfied.
The Investor hereby waives, effective as of the Effective Time, Section 18 of the Investor’s Subscription Agreement solely with respect to the Company’s offering and consummation of the New Offering, the offer and issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants and the offer and issuance of the Subordination Warrants.
The Option will vest and become exercisable as follows: 33.33% of the total Option will vest on the one-year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, and approximately 16.67% will vest at the end of each six-month period thereafter, such that the Option will be fully vested on the three-year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that vesting will cease upon your Termination of Employment and the unvested portion of the Option will terminate.
Borrower has furnished to Agent: (a) the Consolidated balance sheet of REIT and its Subsidiaries as of the Balance Sheet Date and the related Consolidated statement of income and cash flow for the two (2) calendar quarter period most recently ended certified by the chief financial or accounting officer (or other officer reasonably acceptable to Agent) of REIT, (b) as of the Closing Date, an unaudited statement of Net Operating Income for each of the Unencumbered Properties included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value for the period ending September 30, 2016, reasonably satisfactory in form to the Agent and certified by the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or other accounting officer reasonably approved by Agent of REIT as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the Net Operating Income for such parcels for such periods, and (c) certain other financial information relating to Borrower, Guarantors and the assets included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value. Such balance sheet and statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (except as disclosed therein and approved by Agent in its reasonable discretion) and fairly present, in all material respects, the Consolidated financial condition of REIT and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and the Consolidated results of the operations of REIT and its Subsidiaries for such periods. There are no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of REIT or any of its Subsidiaries involving material amounts not disclosed in said financial statements and the related notes thereto (other than liabilities permitted under this Agreement incurred after the date of said financial statements or as otherwise disclosed in writing to Agent).
This Agreement and any terms hereof may not be amended, supplemented or modified except pursuant to a writing signed by both the Purchaser and the Company.
This Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas, except to the extent it is governed by the federal securities laws or the choice of laws provision contained in the Company’s agreement with the Account Administrator.
The Seller (i) shall keep its principal place of business, chief executive office and state of formation (as such terms are used in the UCC) and the office where it keeps its records concerning the Receivables at the address of the Seller set forth under its name on Schedule I to the Agreement or, upon at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice of a proposed change to the Agent, at any other locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Agent to protect and perfect the interest of the Purchaser in the Receivables and related items (including the Pool Assets) of the Agreement have been taken and completed and (ii) shall not, without the prior written consent of the Agent, make any change in (A) the Seller’s name, identity or company structure (including a merger) or (B) the Seller’s jurisdiction of formation. Each notice to the Agent pursuant to this paragraph shall set forth the applicable change and the effective date thereof. The Seller and the Servicer also will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Receivables in the ordinary course of business (including, without limitation, records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each Receivable). Without limiting the foregoing, the Servicer shall maintain adequate computer and other systems in order to service the Receivables.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(f), since December 31, 2014, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the “ SEC Documents ”). As of their respective dates (except as they have been correctly amended), the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC (except as they may have been properly amended), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates (except as they have been properly amended), the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(f) or routine correspondence, such as comment letters and notices of effectiveness in connection with previously filed registration statements or periodic reports publicly available on EDGAR, to the Company’s knowledge, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are not presently the subject of any inquiry, investigation or action by the SEC.
This Agreement is governed by, construed in accordance with and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws.
Any term of this Agreement may be amended or terminated with respect to the Company and another party hereto only with the written consent of the Company and such party, and, in the case of the FF Investor, the FF Beneficial Investor.
All costs, charges and expenses reasonably incurred by the Committee will be paid by the Company. No compensation will be paid to a member of the Committee as such.
The Company hereby employs Employee and Employee hereby agrees to be employed by the Company for the period and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
Unless required by Applicable Law, no recoupment under this Policy will be made after a Change in Control with respect to any option, bonus, or incentive compensation with a Grant Date before the Change in Control. For this purpose, the term “Change in Control” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan as in effect on February 5, 2009.
This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Unless stated otherwise (a) the singular number includes the plural and vice versa and words of any gender include each other gender, in each case, as appropriate, (b) headings and captions may not be construed in interpreting provisions, (c) this Amendment must be construed -- and its performance enforced ‑ under New York law, (d) if any part of this Amendment is for any reason found to be unenforceable, all other portions of it nevertheless remain enforceable, (e) this Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signatories had signed the same document, and all of those counterparts must be construed together to constitute the same document, and (f) delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by telecopier, electronic mail or other electronic delivery shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
From time to time following the Second Closing, the Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, execute, acknowledge and deliver all reasonable further conveyances, notices, assumptions, releases and acquittances and such instruments, and shall take such reasonable actions, as may be necessary or appropriate to make effective the transactions contemplated hereby and as may be reasonably requested by the other Party; provided , however , that except for Assignee’s obligations to discharge an Assumed Liability, nothing in this Section 4.01 shall require either Party or its Affiliates to pay money to, commence or participate in any Action with respect to, or offer or grant any accommodation (financial or otherwise) to, any third party following the Second Closing.
The Article headings contained herein are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference and in no way define, limit, enlarge or describe the scope or intent of this Plan nor in any way shall they affect this Plan or the construction of any provision thereof.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.1 (including as a result of the application of Section 6.3) and in Section 11.6(c), and after making any special allocations under Section 6.2, Profits and Losses for each Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests as of the end of such Fiscal Year, subject to any rights of holders of Partnership Interests other than Partnership Units.
All disclosure provided to the Investors regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each press release issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the 12 months preceding the date of this Agreement did not at the time of release contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or information exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, liabilities, results of operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure at or before the date hereof or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly disclosed.
In addition to the acts and deeds recited in this Agreement and contemplated to be performed, executed and/or delivered by the parties hereto, each party agrees to perform, execute and deliver, but without any obligation to incur any additional liability or expense, on or after the Closing any further deliveries and assurances as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated under this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 10.15 shall survive the Closing.
This Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, and is enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles.
HollyFrontier hereby waives promptness, diligence, all setoffs, presentments, protests and notice of acceptance and any other notice relating to any of the Applicable Refinery Owner Payment Obligations and any requirement for HEP Operating to protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against the Applicable Refinery Owner, any other entity or any collateral.
Any notice required by the terms of this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail with postage and fees prepaid and addressed to the party entitled to such notice at the address shown below such party's signature on this Agreement, or at such other address as such party may designate by 10 days' advance written notice to the other party to this Agreement.
This Agreement be binding upon or injure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and the Employee and his personal representative(s).
The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only. They shall not be considered part of the Agreement and shall not be employed in the construction of the Agreement.
Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) all Tax Returns and reports required to be filed by the Contributor with respect to the Assigned Interest, if any, have been timely filed (after giving effect to any filing extension properly granted by a Governmental Authority having authority to do so) and all such returns and reports are accurate and complete in all material respects, and all Taxes required to be paid by Contributor, if any, with respect to the Assigned Interest have been paid, and (b) no deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed, asserted or assessed against or on the Contributor with respect to the Assigned Interest, and no requests for waivers of the time to assess any such Taxes are pending.
As of the date hereof, Seller owns the Shares, which shares represent 100% of the authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company. The Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid, non-assessable and free and clear of any Liens.
The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the words “ include,” “ includes” and “ including” shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”; (b) the word “ or” is not exclusive; and (c) the words “ herein,” “ hereof,” “ hereby,” “ hereto” and “ hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein: (x) to Articles, Sections, Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits mean the Articles and Sections of, and Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits attached to, this Agreement; (y) to an agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The disclosure schedules and exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with, and as an integral part of, this Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.
The Parties acknowledge that any costs, penalties, fines or losses associated with responses to any notices of violation from the Environmental Protection Agency or a state agency under any such Environmental Permits (including the Cheyenne RCRA Order or the El Dorado RCRA Order) may be the subject of indemnification under the Omnibus Agreement, and nothing in this Section 3.4.5 shall be deemed to change, amend or expand the Parties’ obligations under such Omnibus Agreement provisions (other than with regard to the obligation to respond to such notice of violation or enforcement).
The terms of this Agreement, the identity of any Person with whom the Company may be holding discussions with respect to any provision of services, investment, acquisition, disposition or other transaction, and all other business, Trade Secrets, financial and other information relating to the conduct of the business and affairs of the Company, its Subsidiaries, their respective assets and properties, or the relative or absolute rights or interests of any of the Members (collectively, “ Confidential Information ”) that (x) is not otherwise available to the public, or (y) has not been disclosed pursuant to authorization by the Managers is confidential and proprietary information of the Company, the disclosure of which would cause irreparable harm to the Company and the Members. Accordingly, each Member represents that it has not disclosed Confidential Information to any Person, and each Member agrees that it and its Affiliates will not, and will direct its shareholders, partners, members, officers, directors, agents and advisors not to, disclose Confidential Information to any Person or confirm any statement made by any Person regarding Confidential Information unless and until the Company has disclosed such Confidential Information pursuant to authorization by the Managers and has notified each Member that it has done so; provided , however , that any Member (or its Affiliates) may disclose such Confidential Information if required by law (it being specifically understood and agreed that anything set forth in a registration statement or any other document filed pursuant to law will be deemed required by law) or if necessary for it to perform any of its duties or obligations hereunder.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment; provided , further , that such processing and recordation fee shall not apply to any assignment permitted pursuant to Section 10.09 . The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to the Company, to: Intellect Neurosciences, Inc., 550 Sylvan Avenue, Suite 101, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632, Attn: Elliot Maza, CEO, facsimile: (201) 608-5103, with a copy to: Sichenzia, Ross Friedman Ference LLP, 61 Broadway, New York, NY 10006, Attn: Harvey Kesner, Esq., facsimile: (212) 930-9725, and (ii) if to the Purchasers, to: the addresses and fax numbers indicated on the signature pages hereto, with an additional copy by fax only to (which shall not constitute notice): Grushko & Mittman, P.C., 515 Rockaway Avenue, Valley Stream, New York 11581, facsimile: (212) 697-3575.
Seller has filed when due in accordance with all applicable laws (or properly and timely filed an extension therefor) all tax returns required under applicable statutes, rules or regulations to be filed by it. As of the time of filing, such returns were accurate and complete in all material respects. All taxes due with respect to Seller and the Assets, and all additional assessments received, have been paid. Seller is not delinquent in the payment of any such tax and none has requested any extension of time within which to file any tax return, which return has not since been filed. There are no federal, state, local or other tax liens outstanding on any of the Assets being sold hereunder.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its choice of law principles.
This Agreement and the Contribution Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the Parties relating to the matters contained herein, superseding all prior contracts or agreements, whether oral or written, relating to the matters contained herein.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, USA, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The U.N. Convention on International Sales of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.
Use the proceeds of the Loans to fund, in whole or in part, the Acquisition, including the payment of Indebtedness of Target and to pay all or a portion of the costs incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions.
Pledgor shall, and hereby agrees to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer, any Affiliate of Buyer and their respective directors, officers, agents, employees and counsel from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, judgments or expenses incurred by any of them as a consequence of, or arising out of or by reason of any litigation, investigations, claims or proceedings which arise out of or are in any way related to the enforcement of this Agreement or Pledgor’s gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with, (i) this Agreement or any other Repurchase Document or any Servicing Contract, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) Pledgor’s practices or procedures; and (iii) any Trigger Event, Potential Trigger Event, or any other breach by Pledgor of any of the provisions of this Agreement or any other Repurchase Document, including, without limitation, amounts paid in settlement, court costs and reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel incurred in connection with any such litigation, investigation, claim or proceeding or any advice rendered in connection with any of the foregoing. In addition to the foregoing, the Pledgor shall also indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, any Affiliate of Buyer and their respective directors, officers, agents, employees and counsel from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, judgments or expenses incurred by any of them as a consequence of, or any claims arising from or relating to the Purchased MSR Excess Spread or the Master Spread Acquisition Agreement.
This Eighth Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Eighth Amendment by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including .pdf) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Eighth Amendment.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original (including electronic copies) but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Telecopies and PDFs of signatures shall be effective as manually executed originals.
Except as otherwise defined herein or as the context may otherwise require, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein are defined in Appendix A hereto which also contains rules as to usage that are applicable herein.
THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such state.
Borrower shall not disclose the contents of this Agreement and the other Financing Agreements to any third party (including, without limitation, any financial institution or intermediary), unless required by applicable Laws or by any subpoena, judicial order or similar legal process, without Administrative Agent’s prior written consent, other than to Borrower’s officers, lawyers and other professional advisors on a need-to-know basis, and in connection with any filings required to be made under any applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations (“ Securities Laws ”). Borrower agrees to inform all such Persons who receive information concerning this Agreement that such information is confidential and may not be disclosed to any other Person, except as required by applicable Laws, including Securities Laws, or by any subpoena, judicial order or similar legal process. No party hereto shall, and no party hereto shall permit its Affiliates to, at any time issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of any Borrower, Lender, Administrative Agent or any of their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or the other Financing Agreements without at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice to Borrower, Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender and, except for press releases or other public disclosures required under applicable Securities Laws, without the prior written consent of Borrower, Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, conditioned or delayed. Upon Borrower’s prior written consent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, conditioned or delayed, each Lender and Administrative Agent may publish or disseminate a tombstone or similar advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to permit or authorize Borrower to make any contract on behalf of Administrative Agent or any Lender. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to each of its and its Affiliates’ respective directors, officers, managers, employees and agents, including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other professional advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena, judicial order or similar legal process or bank regulatory process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement or any other Financing Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any Financing Agreement or any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement or any Financing Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, or (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 12.22 , to any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement.
All references to the Collateral shall include without limitation the Collateral as described in the Collateral Documents, as amended by this Agreement. All Obligations of the Credit Parties under the Credit Documents, shall be secured by and be entitled to the benefits of, the Collateral and shall remain in all respects subject to the liens, charges and encumbrances of, the Security Documents, and nothing herein contained, and nothing done pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall affect or be construed to affect the liens, charges or encumbrances or conveyances effected thereby or the priority thereof or to release or affect the liability of any party or parties whomsoever may now, or hereafter be, liable on account of the Obligations. Each Credit Party does hereby grant, transfer, assign and grant a security interest in and to Collateral Agent in all of the Collateral in order to secure the Obligations.
In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents and the other Related Transaction Documents to which it is a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any action by, any Governmental Authority, except those as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect or maintain perfection of the Liens created under the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any judgment, order or ruling of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its assets or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except Liens (if any) created under the Loan Documents, and (e) do not affect the Borrower’s or any Subsidiary’s right to receive, or reduce the amount of, payments and reimbursements from Third Party Payors, or materially adversely affect any Health Care Permit.
Any of the Agents may resign as such at any time upon at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Borrower and all Lenders. If the Administrative Agent at any time shall resign, the Required Lenders may appoint another Lender as the successor Administrative Agent which shall thereupon become the Administrative Agent hereunder. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent’s giving notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be one of the Lenders or a commercial banking institution organized under the laws of the U.S. (or any State thereof) or a U.S. branch or agency of a commercial banking institution, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive from the retiring Administrative Agent such documents of transfer and assignment as such successor Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement. After a retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder as an Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article IX shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, and Section 10.4 (and, with respect to the Administrative Agent, Section 10.3 ) shall continue to inure to its benefit.
Each party shall, without further consideration, execute such additional documents as may be reasonably required in order to carry out the purposes and intents of this Agreement.
Purchaser, on the one hand, and Seller, on the other hand, shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other Party, in connection with the preparation and filing of any Tax Return, any Tax audit, Tax claim, Tax litigation, claim for Tax refund or other proceeding with respect to Taxes.  Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the other Party’s request) the provision of records and information that are reasonably relevant to any such Tax Return filing, Tax audit, Tax claim, Tax litigation or other Tax proceeding, providing powers of attorney, assisting with the signing and filing of Tax appeals and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder.  The Parties agree to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters pertinent to a Transferred Company or a Subsidiary relating to any Pre ‑Closing Tax Period until the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any Tax authority for all periods required by such Tax authority.
The Company shall (a), issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby upon the earlier of (i) filing of the Prospectus Supplement and (ii) within four (4) Trading Days immediately following the date hereof and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, within four (4) Trading Days following the date hereof.  From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents (including signature pages thereto) with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide such Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
Importer shall obtain and maintain at all times during the Term commercial general liability and property insurance in amounts typical for importers and exporters of pharmaceutical products as set forth under this Agreement, including insurance covering loss or theft of, or damage to, Product.
The Purchaser is an exempted limited partnership, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has all requisite limited partnership power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its business as it is being conducted on the date of this Agreement.
Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe benefit policies in which other similarly situated Company employees are eligible to participate, subject to applicable eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such plans and policies as in effect from time to time.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement. Any such counterpart may contain one or more signature pages. This Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile, or by email in portable document format (.pdf), and upon such delivery of the signature page by such method will be deemed to have the same effect as if the original signature had been delivered to the other party.
No failure or delay on the part of Rogers in the exercise of any power or right, and no course of dealing between LEI and Rogers shall operate as a waiver of any power or right, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude any further or other exercise of that power or right or the exercise of any other power or right. The remedies provided for in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies that may be available to Rogers at law or in equity. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and any consent to any departure by LEI from the terms of any provision of this Agreement, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which the waiver or consent was given.
The specific terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular. The words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision, and Article, Section, Schedule and Exhibit references, unless otherwise specified, refer to Articles and Sections of and Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of October 4, 2016, by and among AFS SenSub Corp., as Seller, AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc., in its individual capacity and as Servicer, AmeriCredit Automobile Receivables Trust 2016-4, as Issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trust Collateral Agent.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration of the enforceability period of the last to expire patents within the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights, unless earlier terminated as set forth in Section 4.2 below.
To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the arbitrators and the Parties shall take all action required to conclude any arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the Dispute with the AAA. No arbitrator or other Party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by a Party required in the ordinary course of its business, by applicable law or regulation, or to the extent necessary to exercise any judicial review rights set forth herein. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the Parties potentially applies to a Dispute, the arbitration provision most directly related to the subject matter of the Dispute shall control. This arbitration provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
T h i s A g re e m e nt m a y be e x e c u t e d in a n y nu m b e r o f c o u nt er p a r ts, in c l u di n g fac s i m i l e c o unt e r p a r ts, e ac h o f w h i c h sh a ll be d ee m e d a n o r i g in a l inst r u m e n t , but a ll of w h i c h t o g e th e r sh a ll c o nst i t ute b ut o ne a nd t h e s a m e i n s t r um e nt.
Borrower and each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, and no “reportable event,” as such term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA, has occurred with respect to any Plan of Borrower or any Loan Party.
This Agreement, together with the Existing Confidentiality Provisions, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties regarding the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements between the Parties, whether written or oral, with respect to such subject matter.
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Grantee or by the Company forthwith to the Committee for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on all parties.
EMPLOYEE AGREES TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON, OR RELATED TO, THIS AGREEMENT. THIS WAIVER IS KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY, AND VOLUNTARILY MADE BY EMPLOYEE, AND EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT FOR THE COMPANY’S AGREEMENT TO LIKEWISE WAIVE ITS RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY (WHICH THE COMPANY HEREBY MAKES), THE COMPANY HAS NOT MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OF FACTS TO INDUCE THIS WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR IN ANY WAY TO MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. EMPLOYEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN REPRESENTED (OR HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BE REPRESENTED) IN THE SIGNING OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, SELECTED OF EMPLOYEE’S OWN FREE WILL, AND THAT EMPLOYEE HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS THIS WAIVER WITH COUNSEL. EMPLOYEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THE MEANING AND RAMIFICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER AND AS EVIDENCE OF THIS FACT SIGNS THIS AGREEMENT BELOW.
All information, reports, financial statements, exhibits and schedules furnished in writing by or on behalf of each Loan Party to Lender in connection with the negotiation, preparation or delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or included herein or therein or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto (but excluding any projections, forward looking statements, budgets, estimates and general market data as to which each Loan Party only represents and warrants that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by it to be reasonable at the time), when taken as a whole, as of the date furnished, do not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading.  There has been no material adverse change in any condition, fact, circumstance or event that would make any such information inaccurate, incomplete or otherwise misleading in any material respect or that otherwise does or might result in a Material Adverse Effect.
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to employ the Executive as Vice President throughout the Employment Term (as defined below).  At the request of the Board and without additional compensation, the Executive shall also serve as an officer and/or director of any or all of the subsidiaries of the Company.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). Concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall be permitted to sell promissory notes identical to the Note to certain other investors up to an aggregate principal amount (not including original issuance discount) of $587,500, inclusive of thjs Note.
Provided there is no Event of Default, interest shall accrue at a rate of 0% (zero percent) and be paid on the Maturity Date (or sooner as provided herein) to the Holder or its assignee in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of Notes in cash or converted into Common Stock at the Conversion Price.
Borrower has received consideration that is the reasonable equivalent value of the obligations and liabilities that Borrower has incurred to Agent and the Lenders. Borrower is not insolvent as defined in any applicable state, federal or relevant foreign statute, nor will Borrower be rendered insolvent by the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to Agent and the Lenders. Borrower is not engaged or about to engage in any business or transaction for which the assets retained by it are or will be an unreasonably small amount of capital, taking into consideration the obligations to Agent and the Lenders incurred hereunder. Borrower does not intend to, nor does it believe that it will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature.
No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless it is explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the Party so waiving. No failure or delay of a Party in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement will operate or be construed as a waiver thereof. No single or partial waiver in any one or more instances will be deemed to constitute a further or continuing waiver in other instances or a waiver of any provision not expressly identified by that written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver.
Borrower, its Subsidiaries and Obligated Parties own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses, slogans, other advertising products and processes, and other intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person.  To the best knowledge of Borrower, no slogan or other advertising product, process or other material now used by Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Obligated Party infringes upon any rights held by any other Person.
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.
The Closing shall occur at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date hereof after notification of satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below (or such later date as is mutually agreed to by the Company and Investor ) (the " Closing Date "), at the offices of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, MetLife Building, 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10166.
Upon a recipient’s death, all unvested SARs immediately vest. A recipient’s estate will have three years from the date of death (or until the expiration of the SAR, if earlier) to exercise all outstanding SARs, provided however, that if a SAR expires prior to the expiration of the three year extension period, the SAR will be deemed to be exercised by the recipient’s estate as of the SAR expiration date with net proceeds held for distribution to the estate.
This Agreement and the Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous promises, understandings, or agreements, whether written or oral (including, without limitation, the offer letter between the Company and Executive, dated September 28, 2016) relating to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing, signed by both parties.
The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York as applicable to contracts made and wholly performed therein.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 for each assignment; provided that (A) only one such fee will be payable in connection with simultaneous assignments to two or more Approved Funds by a Lender and (B) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recording fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has filed all United States Federal income Tax returns and all other material Tax returns which are required to be filed by it and has paid all Taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by it, except to the extent the same may be contested as permitted by Section 9.02 hereof. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of such Persons in respect of Taxes and other governmental charges are, in the opinion of the Parent, adequate.
Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with the following provisions: (a) the words “this Agreement,” “herein,” “hereby,” “hereunder,” “hereof,” and other equivalent words refer to this Agreement as an entirety and not solely to the particular portion, article, section, subsection or other subdivision of this Agreement in which any such word is used; (b) examples are not to be construed to limit, expressly or by implication, the matter they illustrate; (c) the word “including” and its derivatives means “including without limitation” and is a term of illustration and not of limitation; (d) all definitions set forth herein are deemed applicable whether the words defined are used herein in the singular or in the plural and correlative forms of defined terms have corresponding meanings; (e) the word “or” is not exclusive, and has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase “and/or”; (f) a defined term has its defined meaning throughout this Agreement and each exhibit and schedule to this Agreement, regardless of whether it appears before or after the place where it is defined;(g) wherever used herein, any pronoun or pronouns will be deemed to include both the singular and plural and to cover all genders; (h) this Agreement has been jointly prepared by the parties, and this Agreement will not be construed against any Person as the principal draftsperson hereof or thereof and no consideration may be given to any fact or presumption that any party had a greater or lesser hand in drafting this Agreement; (i) the captions of the articles, sections or subsections appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section, or in any way affect this Agreement; (j) any references herein to a particular Section or Schedule means a Section or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly stated herein; and (k) all references to days mean calendar days unless otherwise provided.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party.  This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature or other electronic signature and such signature shall constitute an original for all purposes.
The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state of New York sitting in New York County and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, in such Federal courts.
The Proprietary Inventions and Assignment Agreement referred to in Section 12(d) and the Company's and Executive's responsibilities under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15 and 16 will survive the termination of this Agreement.
In any action to foreclose the lien hereof or otherwise enforce Mortgagee’s rights and remedies hereunder, there shall be allowed and included as additional indebtedness secured hereby all expenditures and expenses which may be paid or incurred by or on behalf of Mortgagee including repair costs, payments to remove or protect against liens, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses, receivers’ fees, costs and expenses, appraisers’ fees, engineers’ fees, accountants’ fees, fees, costs and expenses in connection with any environmental matters concerning the Mortgaged Property, outlays for documentary and expert evidence, stenographers’ charges, stamp taxes, publication costs, and costs (which may be estimates as to items to be expended after entry of an order or judgment) for procuring all such abstracts of title, title searches and examination, title insurance policies, and similar data and assurances with respect to title as Mortgagee may deem reasonably necessary either to prosecute any action or to evidence to bidders at any sale which may be had pursuant to an order or judgment the true condition of the title to, or the value of, the Mortgaged Property. All expenditures and expenses of the nature mentioned in this Section 34 and such costs, expenses and fees as may be incurred or as may be owing to Mortgagee in the protection of the Mortgaged Property and the maintenance of the lien of this Mortgage, including the fees, costs and expenses of any attorneys employed by Mortgagee in any litigation or proceeding affecting this Mortgage, the other Transaction Documents to which Mortgagor is a party or the Mortgaged Property, including probate, appellate and bankruptcy proceedings, or in preparations for the commencement or defense of any action or proceeding or threatened action or proceeding, including costs and expenses in connection with obtaining any court order or the appointment of a receiver, shall be immediately due and payable to Mortgagee, with interest thereon at the Default Rate, and shall be secured by this Mortgage. In addition to the foregoing award of attorneys’ fees and costs, Mortgagee shall be entitled to its attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in any post-judgment proceedings to collect or enforce any judgment or order relating to this Mortgage, or the other Transaction Documents to which Mortgagor is a party. This provision is separate and several and shall survive the merger of this provision into any judgment.
(a) The Borrower shall make each payment (including principal of or interest on any Borrowing) hereunder and under any other Loan Document without setoff, counterclaim or deduction of any kind not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due in dollars to the Lender at its offices at The Bank of Nova Scotia, 650 West Georgia Street, Suite 1800, Vancouver, British Columbia V6B 4N7, in immediately available funds.
Executive will serve as the Sr. Vice President of Corporate and Business Development of the Company. Executive will render such business and professional services in the performance of his duties, consistent with Executive’s position within the Company, as shall reasonably be assigned to him by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“ CEO ”) and/or Board of Directors (the “ Board ”). The period of Executive’s employment under this Agreement is referred to herein as the “ Employment Term ” and shall commence on November 20, 2013.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are submitted by each Borrower to Administrative Agent and Lenders for Administrative Agent’s and Lenders’ acceptance or rejection at Administrative Agent’s principal place of business as an offer by Borrowers to borrow monies from Administrative Agent and Lenders now and from time to time hereafter, and shall not be binding upon Administrative Agent or any Lender or become effective until accepted by Administrative Agent and Lenders, in writing, at said place of business. If so accepted by Administrative Agent and Lenders, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been made at said place of business. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONTROLLED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AS TO INTERPRETATION, ENFORCEMENT, VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, EFFECT, AND IN ALL OTHER RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE LEGALITY OF THE INTEREST RATE AND OTHER CHARGES, BUT EXCLUDING PERFECTION OF THE SECURITY INTERESTS IN COLLATERAL LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, WHICH SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONTROLLED BY THE LAWS OF THE RELEVANT JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH COLLATERAL IS LOCATED . If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or remaining provisions of this Agreement.
On the date hereof: (a) all Intellectual Property owned by any Loan Party and material to its business is valid, subsisting, unexpired and enforceable and has not been abandoned; and (b) none of the Intellectual Property owned by any Loan Party and material to its business is the subject of any licensing or franchise agreement pursuant to which such Loan Party is the licensor or franchisor.
Other than as a result of the filing of the CHC Cases, the distribution of the Rights, and, subject to entry of the Confirmation Order and consummation of the Plan, the sale, issuance and delivery of the Notes, the consummation of the Rights Offering by the Company, the sale, issuance and delivery of the Unsubscribed Notes pursuant to the terms hereof, and the execution and delivery (or, with respect to the Plan, the filing with the Bankruptcy Court) by the Company of this Agreement, the Transaction Agreements and the Plan and compliance by it with all of the provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of the Restructuring (including compliance by the Investors with their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder): (i) will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both), or result, except to the extent expressly provided in or contemplated by the Plan, in the acceleration of, or the creation of any Lien under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which any Debtor is a party or by which any Debtor is bound or to which any of its properties or assets is subject; (ii) will not result in any violation of the provisions of the organizational documents of the Company or its subsidiaries; and (iii) assuming the accuracy of the Investors’ representations and warranties in Section 4, will not result in any violation of, or any termination or material impairment of any rights under, any law, statute, subject to compliance with Antitrust laws, or any license, authorization, injunction, judgment, order, decree, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over any Debtor or any of its properties, except in any such case described in clause (i) or clause (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(a)  Keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance to the extent and against such risks as is commonly maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar business.
This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions which would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.
(a) Each borrowing by the Borrower from the Lenders hereunder and each payment by the Borrower on account of any commitment fee shall be made pro rata according to the respective Revolving Percentages of the Lenders. Any reduction of the Revolving Commitments of the Lenders shall be made pro rata according to the respective Revolving Percentages of the relevant Lenders except to the extent that this Agreement provides for reductions to be disproportionately allocated to a group of Lenders with respect to a particular Class pursuant to Section 2.6 , in which case each reduction shall be allocated to the Lenders in such Class pro rata according to the respective Revolving Percentages of the relevant Lenders.
This Agreement may be terminated by Ashland Global at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Separation.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY HERETO OR ITS SUCCESSORS AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO OR ITS SUCCESSORS IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, (a) the Initial Closing shall take place at the offices of Andrews Kurth LLP, 600 Travis, Suite 4200, Houston, Texas 77002 or such other location as mutually agreed to by the Parties, on the first Business Day on which the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 6.01(a), 6.01(b) and 6.01(d) has occurred (other than those conditions that are by their terms to be satisfied at the Initial Closing) (the date of the Initial Closing being referred to herein as the “ Initial Closing Date ”); and (b) the Second Closing shall take place at the offices of Andrews Kurth LLP, 600 Travis, Suite 4200, Houston, Texas 77002 or such other location as mutually agreed to by the Parties, on the first Business Day on which the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 6.01(a), 6.01(c) and 6.01(d) has occurred (other than those conditions that are by their terms to be satisfied at the Second Closing) (the date of the Second Closing being referred to herein as the “ Second Closing Date ”); provided that the Initial Closing Date and the Second Closing Date shall not be earlier than the date set forth in the applicable Funding Notice unless mutually agreed by the Parties.
If any provision of this Lease shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall in no way affect, impair or invalidate any other provision of this Lease, and all other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect.
Buyer shall have received a warehouse lender’s release or other document acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion evidencing the release and conveyance of the loan to Seller.
All issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties and each of their respective Subsidiaries are, to the extent applicable, duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, and free and clear of all Liens other than Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.02.
The Debtors shall pay, when due and payable, all outstanding prepetition and postpetition fees and expenses incurred by the Plan Sponsor and its advisors, including the fees of and expenses incurred by Kirkland & Ellis LLP, as counsel to the Plan Sponsor, Zack A. Clement PLLC, as local counsel to the Plan Sponsor, and any financial advisor, technical advisor, or other consultant, advisor, analyst, or other professional engaged by the Plan Sponsor in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases. If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, any unpaid fees and expenses shall be paid in full within five (5) Business Days of such termination. The fees and expenses owed under this section shall be entitled to administrative expense priority status.
Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4 and 5 of this Award Agreement, [Percentage] of the Restricted Shares will vest on each of [ ], [ ], [ ], [ ] and [ ] (each date, a “ Vesting Date ”), provided that, in the event the applicable date occurs during a Firmwide Blackout Period (as defined in the Company’s Code of Ethics), the Vesting Date shall be the first trading day following such period. There shall be no proportionate or partial vesting in the period prior to a Vesting Date and vesting shall occur only on a Vesting Date, provided that the Grantee remains continuously in the Employment of the Company through such Vesting Date. If the percentage of the aggregate number of Restricted Shares scheduled to vest on a Vesting Date is not a whole number, then the amount of Restricted Shares vesting shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Restricted Shares for each Vesting Date, except that the amount of Restricted Shares vesting on the final Vesting Date shall be such that 100% of the aggregate number of Restricted Shares shall be cumulatively vested as of the final Vesting Date.
Each of the representations and warranties set forth in this Article III shall be deemed represented and made by Umatrin and the Umatrin Shareholders at the Closing as if made at such time and shall survive the Closing for a period terminating on the second anniversary of the date of this Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived except by written agreement signed by the parties hereto.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when delivered personally; (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; (c) by telecopy or facsimile transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission; or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notice shall be sent to the addresses set forth above or to such other address as either party may specify in writing.
In the U.S. and many countries, the difference between the Grant Price and the value of the stock at the time of an Option exercise multiplied by the number of shares purchased is compensation subject to tax withholding. The Option exercise will not be completed until all federal, state, local, and other governmental withholding tax requirements have been met. Should a withholding tax obligation arise upon the exercise of a Stock Option, the withholding tax may be satisfied by withholding shares of Stock or by payment of cash. This withholding obligation includes, but is not limited to, federal, state, and local taxes, including applicable non-U.S. taxes, such as U.K. PAYE. The plan administrator will take such steps, as it deems necessary or desirable for the withholding of any taxes that are required by laws or regulations of any governmental authority in connection with any exercise. For SARs, the SAR Gain will be paid through the local payroll and is subject to applicable withholding taxes.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and is binding on the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  This Agreement may not be assigned without the express prior written consent of the other parties hereto, and any attempted assignment, without such consents, will be null and void; provided , however , that each Oaktree Entity shall be entitled to assign, in whole or in part, any of its rights hereunder to any of its Permitted Assigns without such prior written consent.
(i) Neither Party shall provide, or cause to be provided, any Service to the extent that the provision of such Service would require such Party, the other members of its group or any of their respective Personnel to violate (a) any applicable Law, (b) any policies and/or procedures of such Party designed to respond to applicable Law, or (c) in any material respect, any other policies and/or procedures of such Party in existence on the Distribution Date. If a Party cannot provide a Service due to (c) above or because provision of such Service would require the consent, waiver or approval of any third-party (including a Governmental Authority) and such consent, waiver or approval has not been obtained prior to the Distribution, the Parties shall cooperate in good faith to identify an acceptable alternative arrangement to provide the affected Service sufficient for the purposes of the other Party and, if mutually agreed, the modified or alternative Service shall be added to the relevant Schedule and the Provider shall provide it pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided , that if the alternative arrangement results from (c) above, the Party providing such Service shall bear any additional costs resulting from such acceptable alternative arrangement.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof.
Unless otherwise specified, references in this Agreement to any Section or clause refer to such Section or clause as contained in this Agreement. The words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole, and not to any particular Section or clause contained in this Agreement. Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural. The words “including”, “includes” and “include” shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”.
Interest accrued on a Floating Rate Loan shall be payable on each Payment Date, on any date on which such Floating Rate Loan is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at the Termination Date. Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of a Floating Rate Loan converted into a Eurodollar Loan on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable on the date of conversion. Interest accrued on a Eurodollar Loan shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period (and, in the case of a six-month Interest Period, on the day which is three months after the first day of such Interest Period), on any date on which such Eurodollar Loan is prepaid, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at the Termination Date. Interest on a Floating Rate Loan that bears interest at the Prime Rate shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 365-day year or, when appropriate, 366-day year. All other interest and all fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year. Interest shall be payable for the day the Loans are made but not for the day of any payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) at the place of payment. If any payment of principal of or interest on the Loans shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such payment.
All notices shall be given to Buyer and Seller at the address set forth on the first page of this Agreement, or the facsimile number or email address as the parties may exchange from time to time, and shall be deemed to have been delivered and received (i) if mailed, three (3) calendar days after deposited in the U.S. mail, first class, postage pre-paid, (ii) one (1) calendar day after deposit with an overnight mail or messenger service, or (iii) on the same date of confirmed transmission if sent by hand delivery, facsimile or email.
JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING (I) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (II) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY SEEKING EQUITABLE RELIEF), SHALL PROPERLY AND EXCLUSIVELY LIE IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE (THE “ COURT OF CHANCERY ”) OR, TO THE EXTENT THE COURT OF CHANCERY DOES NOT HAVE SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE (THE ” DELAWARE FEDERAL COURT ”) OR, TO THE EXTENT NEITHER THE COURT OF CHANCERY NOR THE DELAWARE FEDERAL COURT HAS SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AND THE APPELLATE COURTS HAVING JURISDICTION OF APPEALS IN SUCH COURTS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “ CHOSEN COURTS ”).  NO PARTY HERETO SHALL BRING ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION, VENUE OR OTHER FORUM OTHER THAN THE CHOSEN COURTS PURSUANT TO THE FOREGOING SENTENCE.  BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE CHOSEN COURTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.  THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT VENUE WOULD BE PROPER IN EACH OF THE CHOSEN COURTS, AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT ANY SUCH CHOSEN COURT IS AN IMPROPER OR INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR THE RESOLUTION OF SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.  DELIVERY OF ANY PROCESS REQUIRED BY ANY SUCH CHOSEN COURT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 7.03 SHALL CONSTITUTE VALID AND LAWFUL SERVICE OF PROCESS AGAINST EACH PARTY HERETO, WITHOUT NECESSITY FOR SERVICE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PROVIDED BY STATUTE OR RULE OF COURT.
The representations and warranties of the Seller contained in Section 3.02 will be true and correct on the 2016-A Closing Date, and the Seller will have performed on or prior to the 2016-A Closing Date all obligations to be performed by the Seller under this Agreement on or prior to the 2016-A Closing Date.
From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to the Assignee.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or reported on a Form 3, 4 or 5 filed with the Commission, in either case at least ten days prior to the date hereof, and except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(q) , none of the executive officers, directors or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for ordinary course services as employees, officers or directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any such executive officer, director or employee or, to the Company’s Knowledge, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any such officer, director, or employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.
Seller has filed all federal, state and local tax returns and reports required by such authorities to be filed, and paid all taxes, assessments, governmental charges, penalties, interest and fines due to any federal, state or local authority. There is no pending tax examination or audit of, nor any action, suit, investigation or claim asserted or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller by any federal, state or local authority. All tax returns have been (and with respect to the final returns will be) complete and accurate and in accordance with the tax laws applicable thereto and disclose all taxes required to be paid for the periods covered thereby. Seller has not committed any violation of any federal, state or local tax laws. Proper amounts have been collected or withheld by Seller for all income, franchise, property, sales, employment or other taxes payable or anticipated to be payable and for the payment of all other taxes (including without limitation all employment, sales or use taxes).
All representations and warranties made by the Company and the Investors in this Agreement or pursuant hereto shall survive the Closing. The covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and shall continue in effect as long as either: (i) any obligations under the Notes remain due and outstanding or (ii) Accretive is the beneficial owner (as defined by the regulations of the SEC) of at least five percent (5%) of the common stock of the Company.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company is set forth in the SEC Documents. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, (i) no shares of the Company’s capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company, (ii) there are no outstanding debt securities, (iii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company, (iv) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act, (v) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company, (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities as described in this Agreement and (vii) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. The Company has furnished to the Investor true and correct copies of the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as in effect on the date hereof (the “ Certificate of Incorporation ”), and the Company’s Bylaws, as in effect on the date hereof (the “ Bylaws ”).
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue through November 30, 2013 and shall be renewed for additional one-year periods unless a Party gives at least 90 days’ prior written notice of its intent not to renew, provided, however, that each such renewal shall be subject to a written agreement about pricing and such other terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon among the Parties (the “ Stated Termination Date ”), unless earlier terminated by a Party as provided in this Agreement (the “ Actual Termination Date ”).
If the Participant’s Service terminates because of the death of the Participant, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares on the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant’s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Participant’s death at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the Participant dies during the three-month period provided by Section 7.1(e) or during the twelve-month period provided by Section 7.1(b), the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares on the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant’s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Participant’s death at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the date of the Participant’s death, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date; or (ii)  if the Participant ’ s Service terminates because of the death of the Participant after the Participant achieves Retirement Eligibility, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares on the date on which the Participant ’ s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant’s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Participant’s death at any time prior to the Option Expiration Date .
No subject LC shall permit any draft to be drawn thereunder on a date (the “ last draw date ”) that is more than one (1) year after the date of its issue, nor shall any subject LC permit the last draw date to be later than the third (3rd) banking day next preceding the Expiration Date.
All notices served on a party under this Agreement shall also be served on the counsel for the party listed below, or, if that counsel cannot be located, on such other counsel as is known to have represented the party during this Lawsuit.
In the event of any change in the outstanding Shares after the Grant Date or any other event described in Section 1.6.3 of the Plan occurring after the Grant Date, the Board or the Committee will make such equitable substitution or adjustment (including cash payments) as provided for under Section 1.6.3 of the Plan in order to preserve the value of the RSUs.
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as an original.
The Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, have timely filed, or caused to be filed, all federal, state, provincial, local and foreign Tax returns required to be filed, and paid all Taxes owing by it (including in their capacity as a withholding agent), whether or not shown on any such Tax returns, except Taxes the validity or the amount of which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending investigation, Tax audit or deficiencies of the Company or its Subsidiaries by any taxing authority or proposed Tax assessments against the Company or its Subsidiaries.
To the extent permissible under the terms of the professional liability insurance policy maintained by the Company at Closing, Sellers shall extend coverage under such policy to the LLCs for acts of professional malpractice occurring prior to Closing. Buyer represents and warrants that as of Closing, it has adequate insurance to operate the Business in a manner consistent with past practices.
In this Seventh Amendment (including the Schedules and Annexes hereto), unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings provided under the Participation Agreement.
Tenant shall keep the all materials provided by Landlord in connection with any Sale confidential, except to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws; provided, however, that Tenant shall be allowed to disclose such information to Tenant’s agents, employees, contractors, consultants or attorneys, as well as lenders (if any), investment bankers, venture capital groups, investors and title company personnel, with a need to know in connection with Tenant’s review and consideration of the Building, provided that Tenant shall inform all persons receiving such information from Tenant of the confidentiality requirement and (to the extent within Tenant’s control) cause such confidence to be maintained. Any such disclosure to third parties shall indicate that the information is confidential and should be so treated by the third party. Disclosure of information by Tenant shall not be prohibited if that disclosure is of information that is or becomes a matter of public record or public knowledge from sources other than Tenant or its agents, employees, contractors, consultants or attorneys.
Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there are no loans, leases, agreements, contracts, royalty agreements, management contracts, service arrangements or other continuing transactions exceeding $120,000 between (a) the Company or any Subsidiary, on the one hand, and (b) any person or entity who would be covered by Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, on the other hand. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no outstanding amounts payable to or receivable from, or advances by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is otherwise a creditor of or debtor to, any beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or any director, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than (i) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) as part of the normal and customary terms of such persons’ employment or service as a director with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court or other government entity to be unenforceable, the Parties shall cooperate in good faith to rewrite such provision so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and the Parties shall abide by the provisions as rewritten.  If any provision of this Agreement cannot be rewritten, the provision shall be severed from this Agreement, but every other provision of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
All headings herein are intended solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of the provisions of this Fourth Amendment.
The parties acknowledge that, pursuant to the Lease, Tenant is obligated to reimburse Seller as landlord for all Taxes and installments of special assessments of the Property.  Seller shall not provide a credit to Buyer at Closing for any proration of Taxes or installments of special assessments that are due and payable in the Closing Year, unless Seller has collected money under the Lease for Taxes and has not paid a corresponding amount to the relevant taxing authority.  Buyer shall provide a credit to Seller for any Taxes or installments of special assessments that are due and payable in the Closing Year that Seller as landlord has paid which are the responsibilities of Tenant pursuant to the Lease and Tenant has not yet reimbursed to Seller as landlord in accordance with the Lease.  Buyer shall pay all Taxes and installments of special assessments due and payable in the Closing Year and for years prior to the Closing Year, if any remain outstanding, and shall upon request furnish evidence of such payment to Title Company.  Buyer shall be solely responsible for all remaining future Taxes and installments of any special assessments.  Real property tax refunds and credits received after the Closing shall belong to Buyer.
Holdings will, and will cause each Loan Party to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 . Holdings will, and will cause each Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names except to the extent that the failure to so preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect any of the foregoing could not reasonably be expect to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof and on the date hereof with respect to Letters of Credit listed on Schedule 1.01 hereto) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank that issued the Letter of Credit hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing and with respect to each Letter of Credit, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay in dollars and immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Dollar Equivalent amount of each LC Disbursement made by the applicable Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.
The Agreement, including any Exhibits or Attachments to the Agreement, the First Amendment and this Amendment constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous agreements, oral or written, between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof.  No modification or amendment of the terms of the Agreement or this Amendment shall be effective except by a writing executed by both Parties.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to repay existing Indebtedness, for working capital and for general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, Permitted Acquisitions) of, in each case, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Letters of Credit will be issued only to support the general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, immediately following the making of the New Term B Loans and after giving effect to the application of the proceeds of such Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Holdings, on a consolidated basis, with its Subsidiaries shall be Solvent.
A nomination of Gas by Shipper shall be deemed a warranty of title to such Gas (including any Drip Condensate attributable to such Gas) by Shipper, or a warranty of the good right in Shipper to deliver such Gas for gathering under this Agreement. Priority One Dedicated Liquid Condensate injected by Shipper at the applicable Receipt Point(s) shall be deemed a warranty of title to such injected Priority One Dedicated Liquid Condensate by Shipper, or a warranty of the good right in Shipper to deliver such injected Priority One Dedicated Liquid Condensate for gathering under this Agreement. By nominating Gas (including any Drip Condensate attributable to such Gas) and/or by injecting Priority One Dedicated Liquid Condensate at Receipt Point(s), Shipper also agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Gatherer harmless from any and all Losses resulting from any claims by a Third Party of title or rights to such Gas or Priority One Dedicated Liquid Condensate, other than any claims arising out of Gatherer’s breach of its warranty made in the succeeding sentence of this Section 8.1 . By receiving Gas from Shipper at the Receipt Points or receiving Priority One Dedicated Liquid Condensate injected by Shipper at Receipt Point(s), Gatherer (a) warrants to Shipper that Gatherer has the good right to accept and re-deliver such Gas and/or Priority One Dedicated Liquid Condensate received from Shipper under this Agreement free and clear of any title disputes, liens or encumbrances arising by, through or under Gatherer, and (b) agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Shipper harmless from any and all Losses resulting from title disputes, liens or encumbrances arising by, through or under Gatherer.
All agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in every other Financing Document shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Financing Documents, but shall not survive any termination of this Agreement unless such agreements, representations and/or warranties expressly survive such termination pursuant to their terms. The provisions of Articles 10 and 11 shall survive the payment of the Obligations (both with respect to any Lender and all Lenders collectively) and any termination of this Agreement and any judgment with respect to any Obligations, including any final foreclosure judgment with respect to any Security Document, and no unpaid or unperformed, current or future, Obligations will merge into any such judgment.
Until this Agreement is publicly filed by the Company, Employee agrees not to directly or indirectly disclose the terms, amount or fact of this Agreement to anyone other than by Employee to his immediate family, counsel, accountant or tax advisor, except as such disclosure may be required for accounting or tax reporting purposes or as otherwise may be required by law.
No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the First Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to this Amendment.
The Parties shall cause all taxes with respect to the portion of the Outer Track Loop that is located on their real estate, and all costs or expenses incurred in connection with any work they are required to perform in connection with the portion of the Outer Track Loop they are required to inspect and maintain to be paid when due and not suffer or permit any such cost or expense to become delinquent or be in default.
DLSS agrees that all data, information and reports received from VitalCare related to Client and any other information relating to the billing and collection activities and data reporting services to be performed by VitalCare for Client is hereby deemed to be Client’s Confidential Information and shall be treated by DLSS as such in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.
If one or more of the provisions of this Award Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed null and void; however, to the extent permissible by law, any provisions that could be deemed null and void shall first be construed, interpreted or revised retroactively to permit this Award Agreement to be construed so as to foster the intent of this Award Agreement and the Plan.
This AMENDMENT and the other Loan Documents and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this AMENDMENT or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the law of the State of New York.
The Company shall, at the direction of Investor, pay directly or reimburse Investor for such reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket travel expenses and other business expenses that arise in connection with or directly relate to Investor’s and its affiliates’ performance of its and its affiliates’ obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2016, by and among the Company, Investor and the other parties thereto (the “Investor Rights Agreement”) or otherwise relating to the management and oversight of Investor’s investment in the Company (including any reasonable attorneys’ fees); provided that in no event shall the Company be obligated under this Section 6 to (x) pay or reimburse any expenses (individually or in the aggregate) in an amount above $100,000 per fiscal year or (y) pay or reimburse any expenses (including attorneys’ fees) related to any filings required to be made by Investor or its Affiliates solely in their capacity as stockholders or beneficial owners of the Company. Unless otherwise approved by the Company, travel expenses will be reimbursed only to the extent that such travel is consistent with the Company's policies for members of the Board of Directors in effect from time to time with respect to travel.
Employer, either directly or indirectly through its Parent Company, has Directors & Officers insurance (“D&O”) policy in place (with an insurance carrier rated highly pursuant to insurance company credit rating criteria and by one or more of the four major insurance company rating agencies) and Executive shall be and is covered under the D&O Policy as an employee and officer of Employer during the Term of Executive’s employment with Employer.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each Party shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other Parties. Until and unless each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by the other party hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication). The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic transmission in .PDF format or by facsimile shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
This Amendment shall constitute Purchaser’s Approval Notice under Section 6(a) of the Original Agreement and Purchaser hereby waives its right to terminate the Agreement under Section 6(a) of the Original Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Copies of executed counterparts transmitted by telecopy, by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file or other electronic transmission service shall be considered original executed counterparts for purposes of this Section 3.15 .
Executive agrees that he will not talk about or otherwise communicate to any third parties in a malicious, disparaging, or defamatory manner regarding the Company, the OP or any of their affiliates, owners or their past or present employees, directors, officers or other representatives and will not make or authorize to be made any written or oral statement that may disparage or damage the reputation of the Company, the OP or any of their affiliates, owners or their past or present employees, directors, officers or other representatives or their past or present employees, officers or other representatives.
It is hereby mutually acknowledged and agreed that the provisions of this Lease have been fully negotiated between parties of comparable bargaining power with the assistance of counsel and shall be applied according to the normal meaning and tenor thereof without regard to the general rule that contractual provisions are to be construed narrowly against the party that drafted the same or any similar rule of construction.
With effect from March 1, 2016, Base Salary will be paid at an annualized rate of $340,000, which will be subject to annual review and adjustment by the Committee or the Board but will not be reduced below $340,000. Such amounts will be payable to Executive in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND ANY DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO POST-JUDGMENT INTEREST) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. (i) FOR PURPOSES OF THE UCC, NEW YORK SHALL BE THE JURISDICTION OF THE DEPOSITARY BANK FOR PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 8-110 AND, IF APPLICABLE, 9-304 AND 9-305 OF THE UCC AND (ii) THE ACCOUNTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
As compensation for his services hereunder and in consideration of the Executive’s other agreements hereunder, during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay the Executive an annual base salary (the “Base Salary”), payable in equal installments in accordance with the applicable payroll practices, at an initial rate of $700,000 for the first year of this Agreement, subject to annual review by the Company Board for increases but not decreases; provided , however , such Base Salary may be reduced in connection with a broad-based reduction for senior executives of the Company.
All necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all Governmental Authorities and other Persons required to be obtained by such Party in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement have been obtained.
The benefits of this Agreement shall insure to the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto and the indemnified parties hereunder and their successors and assigns and representative, and the obligations and liabilities assumed in this Agreement by the parties hereto shall be binding upon their respective successors and assigns, provided that the rights and obligations of the Company under the Agreement may not be assigned or delegated without the prior written consent of Consultant and any such purported assignments shall be null and void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consultant may assign any portion of its Compensation as outlined herein to its employees, affiliates, sub-contractors or subsidiaries in its sole discretion.
The initial term of this Lease (the “ Initial Term ”) shall be for 10 years commencing on September 1, 2016 (the “ Commencement Date ”). Following the Initial Term the Term of this Lease shall automatically renew for four successive five-year periods (each a “ Renewal Term ”). Lessee may terminate this Lease at the end of the Initial Term or any subsequent Renewal Term by delivering written notice to Lessor, on or before 180 days prior to the end of any such period, that Lessee has elected to terminate this Lease. The Initial Term together with any applicable Renewal Terms shall be referred to herein as the “ Term ”. In addition, at Lessee's option, Lessee may terminate this Lease, by providing written notice to Lessor on or before 180 days prior to the desired termination date, if Lessee ceases to operate the Tanks, or ceases its business operations. In the event of such termination prior to the end of the Term, Lessor shall retain one half of the remaining Rent (as defined below) for the current 12-month rental period as set forth in Section 4.1 below as its sole and exclusive remedy for such early termination and shall refund to Lessee the remaining Rent. In the event the aforesaid Commencement Date shall occur on a date other than the first day of the calendar month, then the Term of this Lease shall be for the number of full lease years plus the number of days remaining in the month in which the Term commences.
Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby authorizes the Agents and Lenders to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangement entered into among the Loan Parties, Agents and Lenders, including announcements which are commonly known as tombstones, in such publications and to such selected parties as each Agent and Lender shall in its sole and absolute discretion deem appropriate.
MBC will upon demand pay to the Secured Party the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and the Secured Party, and any transfer taxes, in each case payable upon sale of the Collateral, which the Secured Party may incur in connection with (a) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from or other realization upon, any of the Collateral pursuant to the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Party hereunder or (b) the failure by MBC to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof. Any amount payable by MBC pursuant to this Section 11.1 shall be payable upon demand and shall constitute Secured Obligations secured hereby.
No authorization, consent, license or exemption from, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority, nor any approval or consent of any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Note, except those obtained or made on or prior to the date hereof and such filings as may be required to be made with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any state or foreign blue sky or securities regulatory authority after the issuance of this Note by the Borrower.
The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article VI of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects, if such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality) on and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects, if such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date; provided that the reference to the date of the Audited Financial Statements in Section 6.05(e) of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be replaced by a reference to December 31, 2015.
Neither Party may waive or release any of its rights or interests in this Agreement except in writing. The failure of either Party to assert a right hereunder or to insist upon compliance with any term or condition of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse a similar subsequent failure to perform any such term or condition. No waiver by either Party of any condition or term in any one or more instances shall be construed  as a continuing waiver of such condition or term or of another condition or term.
The Company expressly reaffirms that each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as supplemented or qualified by the disclosures in any disclosure schedule thereto), continues to be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof, and the Company hereby remakes and incorporates herein by reference each such representation and warranty as though made on the date of this Agreement (unless as of a specific date therein), except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto.
During the Term hereof and thereafter, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in any disputes with third parties, internal investigations or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceedings as reasonably requested by the Company  and at the Company’s sole cost and expense (including, without limitation, the Executive being available to the Company upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with the Executive’s other permitted activities and commitments).
This Restricted Stock Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Restricted Stock Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan to the contrary, if any suit or claim is instituted by the Participant or the Company relating to this Restricted Stock Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan, the Participant hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the courts of Delaware.
You agree by your signature below that you had, and that the Company gave you, at least twenty-one (21) days to review and consider this Agreement before signing it, and that such period was sufficient for you to fully and completely consider all of its terms. The Company hereby advises you to discuss this Agreement with your own attorney (at your own expense) during this period if you wish to do so. You may accept this Agreement by delivering a copy of the Agreement signed by you to me within twenty-one (21) days from the day you receive the Agreement. You may revoke your acceptance of the Agreement for a period of seven (7) days after signing the Agreement by delivering written notification to me within that seven-day period. If you do not revoke your acceptance of the Agreement, it will be effective on the eighth (8 th ) day after you sign it. If you revoke your acceptance of this Agreement, you will not be entitled to the benefits listed in Section 3, above. You agree that you have carefully read this Agreement, fully understand what it means, and are entering into it voluntarily.
THE PLEDGOR AND THE COMPANIES EACH HEREBY: (i) COVENANTS AND AGREES NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY A JURY; AND (ii) WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO WHICH THE PLEDGORS, ANY COMPANY AND SECURED PARTY MAY BE PARTIES, ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH OR IN ANY WAY PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND/OR ANY TRANSACTIONS, OCCURRENCES, COMMUNICATIONS, OR UNDERSTANDINGS (OR THE LACK OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING) RELATING IN ANY WAY TO DEBTOR-CREDITOR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES. IT IS UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED THAT THIS WAIVER CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS AGAINST ALL PARTIES TO SUCH ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING CLAIMS AGAINST PARTIES WHO ARE NOT PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT. THIS WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL IS SEPARATELY GIVEN, KNOWINGLY, WILLINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY MADE BY THE PLEDGORS AND THE COMPANIES AND THE PLEDGOR AND THE COMPANIES HEREBY AGREE THAT NO REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT OR OPINION HAVE BEEN MADE BY ANY INDIVIDUAL TO INDUCE THIS WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR TO IN ANY WAY MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. SECURED PARTY IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO SUBMIT THIS AGREEMENT TO ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE SUBJECT MATTER AND THE PLEDGORS, THE COMPANIES AND SECURED PARTY, SO AS TO SERVE AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF SUCH WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. THE PLEDGORS AND THE COMPANIES REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EACH OF THEM HAS BEEN REPRESENTED IN THE SIGNING OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, SELECTED OF ITS OWN FREE WILL, AND/OR THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS THIS WAIVER WITH COUNSEL.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS GUARANTY OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS GUARANTY AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 19.
Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation time of not less than 25 business days for each calendar year of the Employment Period (prorated for 2016 and any other partial year, based on a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days employed in such partial year and the denominator of which shall be 365 (or 366 in a leap year)). Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays and to reasonable personal and sick leave in accordance with the policies of the Corporation applicable to its executive management. Unused vacation and personal and/or sick leave may not be carried over by Executive from one calendar year to the next. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such vacation, holidays and personal and/or sick leave shall not accrue as a monetary liability of the Corporation.
Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Debtor and the Secured Parties holding 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes.   Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 6 (i) shall be binding upon each Secured Party and the Debtor ; provided, however, that no amendment will be effective to increase a Secured Party’s financial obligation without such Secured Party ’s consent.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same instrument.  This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, .pdf format or other form of electronic communication and such form of execution shall be deemed to be an original signature for execution purposes.
Upon the exercise of an Option requiring tax withholding, Participant will be required to pay to the Company for remittance to the appropriate taxing authorities an amount necessary to satisfy the employee’s portion of federal, state and local taxes, if any, incurred by reason of the exercise of an Option.
The Warrant Holder agrees to keep confidential any proprietary information relating to the Company delivered by the Company hereunder; provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Warrant Holder from disclosing such information: (i) to any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares, (ii) to any Affiliate of any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares or any actual or potential transferee of the rights or obligations hereunder that agrees to be bound by this Section 13(h) , (iii) upon order, subpoena, or other process of any court or administrative agency or otherwise required by law, (iv) upon the request or demand of any regulatory agency or authority having jurisdiction over such party, (v) which has been publicly disclosed, (vi) which has been obtained from any Person that is not a party hereto or an affiliate of any such party, (vii) in connection with the exercise of any remedy, or the resolution of any dispute hereunder (viii) to the legal counsel or certified public accountants for any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares, or (ix) as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Warrant.
EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.  EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B) SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 15.
Each of the Second Lien Agent, on behalf of itself and each applicable Second Priority Secured Party, and each applicable First Lien Agent, on behalf of itself and each First Lien Lender, agrees that each of them shall take such further action and shall execute and deliver to each other First Lien Agent and the First Lien Lenders such additional documents and instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as each other First Lien Agent or the First Lien Lenders may reasonably request, at the expense of the Grantors, to effectuate the terms of and the lien priorities contemplated by this Agreement.
The Company is authorized to acquire the Mortgaged Property and to borrow the Loan from The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company (together with its successors and assigns, the " Lender "), and from time to time refinance the Loan. In furtherance of the conduct of the purposes described herein, the Company shall possess and may exercise all of the powers and privileges granted by the Act, and the Company is hereby authorized to do any act, enter into any agreement, contract or other instrument, and otherwise to engage in any activity and to do any action not prohibited under the Act or other applicable law which is necessary, useful, desirable or convenient to the conduct, promotion and attainment of the business and purposes of the Company. In addition, the Company, or the Member on behalf of the Company, may enter into and perform the Loan Documents and all documents, agreements, certificates, or financing statements contemplated thereby or related thereto, all without any further act, vote or approval of any other Person notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Act or applicable law, rule or regulation. The foregoing authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the powers of the Member to enter into other agreements on behalf of the Company in accordance with this Agreement.
A termination of this Agreement, an amendment of this Agreement or an extension or waiver shall, in order to be effective, require in the case of PETRO or ETHG, action by its respective Board of Directors.
This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for a term commencing on the Closing Date until all amounts owing the Lenders hereunder and under any related documents have been paid in full.
The representations and warranties contained in this Section 3 shall be true and correct on and as of the date hereof and until the Obligations have been paid in full, with such changes as are approved by Secured Party or are permitted by the Loan Documents (as defined in the Loan Agreement).
The Plan initially became effective on January 1, 2006, and this restatement of the Plan is effective as of January 1, 2011, but no Bonus shall be paid under this restated Plan to a Covered Employee unless the restated Plan is approved by the Company stockholders at the 2011 annual meeting. Assuming that such stockholder approval is obtained, the restated Plan shall continue in effect until the Board terminates it or until stockholder approval again is required for the restated Plan to meet the requirements of Code Section 162(m) but is not obtained.
The headings used in this Agreement are included for convenience only and are not to be used in construing or interpreting this Agreement.
No Employee shall have the right to be selected as a Key Employee or to receive an Award under the Plan, or, having been so selected, to be selected to receive a future Award.
Except as specifically amended or waived above, the Agreement and the other Documents shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Collateral Agent or any Purchaser under the Agreement or any Document, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Agreement or any Document. This Amendment is a Document for all purposes of the Agreement. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by different parties hereto on separate counterpart signature pages, and all such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a counterpart signature page by facsimile transmission or by e-mail transmission of an Adobe portable document format file (also known as a “ PDF ” file) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart signature page. Section headings used in this Amendment are for reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment.
No delay or omission by Holder in exercising any rights hereunder, nor failure by the Holder to insist upon the strict performance by Applicant of any terms and provisions herein shall operate as or be deemed to be a waiver of such right, any other right hereunder, or any terms and provisions herein, and the Holder shall retain the right thereafter to insist upon strict performance by the Applicant of any and all terms and provisions of this Note or any document securing the repayment of this Note. No waiver of any right shall be effective unless in writing and signed by Holder, nor shall a waiver on one occasion be considered as a bar to, or waiver of, any such right on any future occasion.
The Award is expressly contingent upon you complying with the terms, conditions and definitions contained in this Section 11 and in any other agreement that governs your noncompetition with the Company and its Affiliates, your nonsolicitation of employees of the Company and its Affiliates, customers, suppliers, business partners and vendors, and/or your conduct with respect to trade secrets and proprietary and confidential information of the Company and its Affiliates.
The execution and delivery of this Guaranty by Guarantor, and the performance of transactions contemplated hereunder do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees or injunctions of Governmental Authorities (collectively, “ Legal Requirements ”) affecting Guarantor or any of his or its assets or property, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a material default (including any circumstance or event that would be a default but for the lack of due notice or lapse of time or both) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any of Guarantor’s organizational documents or any agreement or instrument to which Guarantor is a party, or by which Guarantor or its assets or property are bound or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien on any of Guarantor’s assets or property by any third party.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. It may not be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification, extension, or discharge is sought.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executive’s cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executive’s employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by the Board, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executive’s service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive’s other activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate the Executive at an hourly rate of $75.00 (seventy-five dollars).
Paragraph headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not constitute part of this Agreement.
The Officer acknowledges that by his free and voluntary act of signing below, the Officer agrees to all of the terms of this Agreement and intends to be legally bound thereby. The Officer acknowledges that he has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement.
All notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the United States Mail, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by deposit to and delivery by an overnight delivery service, addressed to the other party at the address shown above, or at such other address or addresses as either party shall designate to the other in accordance with this Section 9.
All communications hereunder shall be in writing and effective only upon receipt and (i) if sent to the Purchaser, will be mailed, hand delivered, couriered or sent by fax transmission or electronic mail and confirmed to it at Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc., 390 Greenwich Street, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10013, to the attention of Paul Vanderslice, fax number (212) 723-8599, and 390 Greenwich Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10013, to the attention of Richard Simpson, fax number (646) 328-2943, and 388 Greenwich Street, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10013, to the attention of Ryan M. O’Connor, fax number (646) 862-8988, and with an electronic copy emailed to Richard Simpson at richard.simpson@citi.com and to Ryan M. O’Connor at ryan.m.oconnor@citi.com, (ii) if sent to the Seller, will be mailed, hand delivered, couriered or sent by fax transmission or electronic mail and confirmed to it at Macquarie US Trading LLC d/b/a Principal Commercial Capital, 125 West 55th Street, New York, New York 10019, to the attention of Joshua Karlin, and (iii) in the case of any of the preceding parties, such other address as may hereafter be furnished to the other party in writing by such parties.
Any controversy, dispute, or claim between the parties to this Agreement, including any claim arising out of, in connection with, or in relation to the formation, interpretation, performance or breach of this Agreement shall be referred to mediation, with a mediator, jointly selected by the parties, and with the cost of such mediation evenly split between the parties. Should the mediator thereafter declare that the mediation has failed despite the good faith efforts of the parties, all remaining controversies, disputes or claims shall be settled exclusively by arbitration, before a single arbitrator, in the State of Delaware, in accordance with the Commercial Rules of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services.
It is the desire and intent of the parties hereto that the provisions of this letter agreement be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought.  Accordingly, if any particular provision of this letter agreement will be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable for any reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, will be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of this letter agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such provision could be more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it will, as to such jurisdiction, be so narrowly drawn, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this letter agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
This Security Agreement together with the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the Grantors and the Collateral Agent relating to the Collateral and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the Grantors and the Collateral Agent relating to the Collateral. This Security Agreement is subject to the terms, conditions, representations, warranties and covenants (“ Terms and Conditions ”) set forth in the Credit Agreement and, in the event of a conflict between any of the Terms and Conditions set forth in this Security Agreement and any of the Terms and Conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, the Terms and Conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement shall prevail and control over the Terms and Conditions set forth herein.
Each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) the failure of such Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into, conversion from or continuation of Eurocurrency Loans after such Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) the failure of such Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Eurocurrency Loans after such Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or (c) the making of a payment by such Borrower of Eurocurrency Loans on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Such indemnification may include an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount so prepaid, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurocurrency market. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Parent Borrower by any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Corporation and upon the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of the Optionee.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, regardless of whether all of the parties have executed the same counterpart. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.
Viacom will pay (as incurred) or, if paid by Abrams, promptly reimburse him for costs and expenses (including attorney's fees, expert witness fees and fees of public relations and other consultants) actually and reasonably incurred by Abrams in connection with the Actions ("Payment Amounts").
Executive will receive an annual base salary of $200,000 per year, effective as of the June 1, 2016, less applicable payroll withholdings and payable in accordance with CDTI’s normal payroll practices.  This salary shall be subject to annual review by CDTI in accordance with its general policies as in effect from time to time.
Any consent, notice or report required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement by one of the parties hereto to the other party shall be in writing, delivered by any lawful means to such other party at its address indicated below, or to such other address as the addressee shall have last furnished in writing to the addressor and (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) shall be effective upon receipt by the addressee.
Employer may terminate this Agreement and Executive’s employment hereunder for Cause (as defined in Section 9.3 below) in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Section 9 . Following a determination by Employer that Executive should be terminated for Cause, Employer shall give written notice (the “Preliminary Notice”) to Executive specifying the grounds for such termination, and Executive shall have fifteen (15) business days after receipt of the Preliminary Notice to attempt to cure any acts or omissions giving rise to Cause, if under Section 9.3(i), and/or to respond to Employer in writing. If following the expiration of such fifteen (15) business day period Employer reaffirms its determination that Executive should be terminated for Cause, such termination shall be effective upon delivery by Employer to Executive of a final notice of termination.
Should any section, or portion thereof, of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by any court of competent authority or by a legally enforceable directive of any governmental body, such section or portion thereof shall be validly reformed so as to approximate the intent of the Parties as nearly as possible and, if unreformable, shall be deemed divisible and deleted with respect to such jurisdiction, but the Agreement shall not otherwise be affected.
Lender hereby waives any Event of Default arising as a result of the Existing Event of Default, and agrees, subject to the effectiveness of this Waiver and the terms and conditions hereof, that each such Existing Event of Default shall be deemed waived as of the date of occurrence of such Existing Event of Default. Lender hereby waives compliance by Borrower with Section 7.16(a) of the Loan Agreement for (i) the month ended July 31, 2016 and the three (3) months then ended and (ii) the month ended August 31, 2016 and the three (3) months then ended. In addition, Lender hereby waives compliance by Borrower with Section 7.16(b) of the Loan Agreement.
Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered as specified in the Program.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (delivery of any executed counterpart by facsimile transmission or electronic mail having the same effect as manual delivery thereof), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one Agreement.
The parties agree they will make no statements, whether written, oral or otherwise, disparaging the other party or any individual or entity affiliated with or related to the other party in any way to any member of the press or the public at large.
This Amendment may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same agreement. Delivery of an executed copy of this Amendment shall be deemed to be a certification by each person executing this Amendment on behalf of a party hereto that such person and party hereto has been duly authorized and empowered to execute and deliver this Amendment and each other party hereto may rely on such certification. Delivery of any executed signature page of this Amendment by telecopier, facsimile or electronic mail shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed signature page of this Amendment.
Receipt by the Administrative Agent of any consents reasonably required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, if any.
The Units shall be construed under and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware as to all matters, including, but not limited to, matters of validity, construction, effect and performance.
Participant acknowledges that the SAR is subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan.
None of the terms of this Agreement or any term, right or remedy hereunder shall be deemed waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the Party to be charged therewith. No failure or delay by a Party to insist upon the strict performance of any term of this Agreement, or to exercise any right or remedy as a consequence of a breach thereof, shall constitute a waiver of any breach or any subsequent breach of such term. No waiver of any default shall affect or alter this Agreement, but each and every term of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect with respect to any other then existing or subsequent breach.
The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and Executive’s employment with the Company and shall be fully enforceable thereafter. If it shall be finally determined that any restriction in this Section 9 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under the laws of any state or jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the law of that state or jurisdiction.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that his obligations provided herein are necessary and reasonable in order to protect the Company and its affiliates and their respective business and Executive expressly agrees that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate the Company and/or its affiliates for any breach by Executive of his covenants and agreements set forth herein. Accordingly, Executive agrees and acknowledges that any such violation of this Section 15 will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, in law, in equity or otherwise, the Company and its affiliates shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against the breach of this Section 15 or the continuation of any such breach by the Executive without the necessity of proving actual damages.
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with any other Purchaser, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Company will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.5. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with any other Purchaser, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.5, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.5, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.5 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.5.
The provisions of this 2016-1 Servicing Supplement and the 2016-1 Servicing Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing; provided that the Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holder's wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.
The terms and conditions of the Participant's Award Agreement shall govern the extent, if at all, to which the vesting of any Award is accelerated or forfeited due to a Participant's death, Disability, or Retirement; provided that, for Full-Value Awards intended to qualify for the Performance-Based Exception, no vesting may occur or no distribution may be made prior to the attainment of the Performance Goals.
All of the Company’s obligations to register Registrable Securities under Sections 3, 4, and 5 hereof shall terminate upon the date on which Investor no longer holds Registrable Securities or the date on which such Investor’s Registrable Securities are eligible for resale without volume or manner of sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c), as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the affected Investor.
Reppond is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Arkansas.  First Guaranty is a stock legal reserve life insurance company duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Louisiana and possesses a current Certificate of Authority in each of the jurisdictions set forth on Section 3.1 of the Disclosure Schedule.  The Sellers have full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to sell the Shares to the Purchaser upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, and to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement.  The Sellers have made available to the Purchaser true and complete copies of the articles of incorporation (as certified by the appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities) and the bylaws of Reppond and First Guaranty, including all amendments thereto through the date of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise set forth in Section 9.3, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be borne by the party incurring such costs and expenses.
Provided that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, the Borrower shall have the option to (a) convert at any time following the third Business Day after the Closing Date all or any portion of any outstanding Base Rate Loans (other than Swingline Loans) in a principal amount equal to $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof into one or more LIBOR Rate Loans and (b) upon the expiration of any Interest Period, (i) convert all or any part of its outstanding LIBOR Rate Loans in a principal amount equal to $3,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof into Base Rate Loans (other than Swingline Loans) or (ii) continue such LIBOR Rate Loans as LIBOR Rate Loans. Whenever the Borrower desires to convert or continue Loans as provided above, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable prior written notice in the form attached as Exhibit E (a “ Notice of Conversion/Continuation ”) not later than 11:00 a.m. three (3) Business Days before the day on which a proposed conversion or continuation of such Loan is to be effective specifying (A) the Loans to be converted or continued, and, in the case of any LIBOR Rate Loan to be converted or continued, the last day of the Interest Period therefor, (B) the effective date of such conversion or continuation (which shall be a Business Day), (C) the principal amount of such Loans to be converted or continued, and (D) the Interest Period to be applicable to such converted or continued LIBOR Rate Loan; provided that if the Borrower wishes to request LIBOR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of twelve months in duration, such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of such conversion or continuation, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the applicable Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. If the Borrower fails to give a timely Notice of Conversion/Continuation prior to the end of the Interest Period for any LIBOR Rate Loan, then the applicable LIBOR Rate Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan. Any such automatic conversion to a Base Rate Loan shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable LIBOR Rate Loan. If the Borrower requests a conversion to, or continuation of, LIBOR Rate Loans, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Swingline Loan may not be converted to a LIBOR Rate Loan. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the affected Lenders of such Notice of Conversion/Continuation.
This Plan is adopted, and is to be effective, as of the first day of Progressive’s 2016 fiscal year. This Plan shall be effective for the 2016 Plan year and for each Plan year thereafter unless and until terminated by the Committee.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
The Issuer is duly organized and validly existing as a statutory trust and is in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted.  The Issuer has appointed the Administrator as the Issuer’s agent where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes of this Base Indenture may be served.
Upon termination of the Participant’s employment by notice on account of the Participant’s Disability, the Company shall continue to pay the Participant during the Separation Period the difference between the Participant’s current Base Salary and the amount of disability insurance payments received by the Participant under the Company’s Long-Term Disability Policy. In the event a Participant dies after the commencement of payments pursuant to this Section 5.02, the balance of said payments shall be payable in accordance with Article VII of the Plan.
At the closing of any conversion, the Holder shall surrender this Note, and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate evidencing the applicable securities issuable upon such conversion. At the Company’s election, fractional units of securities will not be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of such fractional units, the Company may pay to Holder, by certified check, the amount of the outstanding principal under the Note that is not so converted. The Holder and the Company will execute any and all documents necessary or appropriate to effect the conversion.
The Company has filed (and, except for certain Current Reports on Form 8-K and the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 which the Company agrees to file on or prior to December 14, 2016, has, within the past two years, timely filed (subject to 12b-25 filings with respect to certain periodic filings)) all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) (all of the foregoing and all other documents filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the “SEC Filings”). As of their respective dates, the SEC Filings complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Filings, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Company’s SEC Filings for the period from inception on July 28, 2011 to December 31, 2015, and the subsequent unaudited interim financial statements included in the Company’s SEC Filings (collectively, the “Financial Statements”) complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such Financial Statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the staff of the SEC with respect to any of the SEC Filings. No other information provided by or on behalf of the Company to the Buyer including, without limitation, information referred to in this Agreement, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The representations and warranties contained in Article VI shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such borrowing, issuance or extension date with the same effect as if made on and as of such date, except for any representation and warranty made as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided , that (x) if a representation and warranty is qualified as to materiality, the materiality qualifier set forth above shall be disregarded with respect to such representation and warranty for purposes of this condition and (y) this clause (a) shall not apply to the representations and warranties contained in Section 6.5(e) with respect to any Extension of Credit occurring after the Closing Date.
THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES THEREOF REGARDING CONFLICTS OF LAWS, AND ANY APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, OTC MARKETS or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, OTC MARKETS (or other applicable  trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).
(a) This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein. Subject to Section 10.4, this Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
Section 3.7 of the Lease is hereby deleted.  Subject to the other terms of this Section 11, Landlord shall not during the initial Extended Term, while Original Tenant is occupying at least 75% of the RSF of the 2-4-7 Floor Premises pursuant to this Amendment, lease to another tenant any portion of the rentable space located in the Building that has become Available (as defined below) (as applicable, the “ First Right Space ”) without first offering Tenant the right (the “ First Right ”) to lease such Available First Right Space as set forth in this Section 11.  First Right Space shall be deemed to be “ Available ” when Landlord commences negotiations, as evidenced by the receipt by or submittal from Landlord of a draft letter of intent, term sheet, proposal or specifically prepared and tailored lease document that Landlord is willing to accept, with a prospective tenant for such First Right Space (a “ Prospect ”, which for purposes hereof shall include at Landlord’s option the principals and any major constituent of, as well as any parent, subsidiary, affiliate or successor of, the particular prospective tenant) other than a tenant (or its assignee) under any lease of the applicable First Right Space existing as of the date of this Amendment (an “ Existing Lease ”) or a tenant under an Intervening Lease (as defined in Section 11(c)) of the applicable First Right Space, including any renewal or reletting of any such space to any such tenant (or to its assignee), whether or not such renewal or reletting is pursuant to an express written provision in such Existing Lease or Intervening Lease, and regardless of whether any such renewal or reletting is consummated pursuant to a lease amendment or a new lease.  In addition, Tenant’s rights under this Section 11, as to any First Right Space, shall be subordinate to the rights, existing as of Effective Date, of tenants that have entered into leases of space in the Building or Project prior to the Effective Date (whether or not the commencement date of such leases are prior to or after the Effective Date), or granted after the date of this Amendment to a tenant or tenants leasing (i) if such tenant(s) are located in the Building, more square footage than Tenant is then leasing in the Building, or (ii) if such tenant(s) are located in other Project Buildings, more square footage than Tenant is then leasing in the Project, to the applicable First Right Space (whether pursuant to rights of first offer, expansion options, must take requirements, or otherwise) (collectively, the “ Superior Right Holders ”).
During the term of this Agreement, the Company and APG shall conduct their respective businesses in substantial compliance with all Applicable Laws.
In furtherance of the transactions described herein, the parties hereto shall, and shall cause their applicable subsidiaries to, execute such additional bills of sale, quitclaim deeds, stock or equity powers, certificates of title, assignments of contracts and other instruments of transfer, conveyance and assignment and other documents reasonably necessary to evidence the transfer, conveyance and assignment of the Contributed Assets to SpinCo and the valid and effective assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by SpinCo, including any which are not transferred on the date hereof as a result of Section 2.2(b) of the Separation Agreement or for any other reason.
Employee agrees to provide reasonable assistance to and cooperation with the Company following the Termination Date in connection with any Company matters for which Employee had knowledge or responsibility while employed by the Company. If the Company is involved in any legal action or investigation, including but not limited to any internal investigation, after Employee’s Termination Date relating to events which occurred during Employee’s employment, Employee agrees to cooperate with the Company to the fullest extent possible, including cooperating in the preparation, prosecution, or defense of the Company’s case, including, but not limited to, the execution of affidavits or documents or providing information requested by the Company. The Company will reimburse Employee for reasonable pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees required by the Company’s request. Except as provided in Section 2.3 above, Employee agrees that, in the event he is served with a subpoena, document request, interrogatory, or any other legal process that will or may require Employee to disclose any confidential information following the Termination Date, Employee will immediately notify the Company’s corporate counsel of such fact, in writing, and provide a copy of such subpoena, document request, interrogatory, or other legal process, and shall thereafter cooperate with the Company in any lawful response to such subpoena, document request, interrogatory, or legal process as the Company may request without any further compensation to Employee; provided that, the Company will reimburse Employee for any reasonable, pre-approved out of pocket expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees Employee incurs in connection with such cooperation. The provisions of this Section 2.4 will survive following the expiration, suspension or termination, for any reason, of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (including by facsimile, or by .pdf or similar imaging transmission), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including without limitation any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number specified in the Securities Purchase Agreement prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (ii) the next business day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number specified in the Securities Purchase Agreement on a day that is not a business day or later than 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (iii) the business day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices or communications shall be as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, you acknowledge and agree that any and all payments to which you are entitled under Sections 5(b), 5(c) , 12 or 13 are conditional upon and subject to (a) your execution of the General Release and Covenant Not to Sue in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (which form may be reasonably modified to reflect changes in the law), of all claims you may have against the Company and its directors, officers and affiliates, except as to matters covered by provisions of this Agreement that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement and (b) you’re not revoking such General Release and Covenant Not to Sue within the time period for such revocation under applicable law.  You shall execute and deliver such General Release and Covenant Not to Sue, and any such revocation period shall have expired without you having revoked such General Release and Covenant Not to Sue, within 60 days following termination of employment.  Except as otherwise provided in Section 20 , any payments that are conditioned on the execution and non-revocation of such General Release and Covenant Not to Sue as described in this Section 17 shall, if such conditions are satisfied, commence to be paid on the 61st day following termination of employment (with the first such installment including any prior unpaid installments).
The Manager (i) is a corporation, duly formed and organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of California, (ii) is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where the character of its property, the nature of its business or the performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents make such qualification necessary and (iii) has the power and authority (x) to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted and (y) to perform its obligations under this Agreement, except in each case referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) to the extent that a failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Manager.
Borrower shall promptly give notice in writing to Lender of: (a) any litigation pending or threatened against Borrower which is materially adverse to Borrower or the Property; (b) the occurrence of any breach or default in the payment or performance of any obligation owing by Borrower to any person or entity, other than Lender; (c) any change in the name of Borrower, and in the case of a Borrower which is an organization, any change in its identity or organizational structure; (d) any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through fire, theft, liability damage; or (e) any termination or cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required herein to maintain.
This Agreement, the US Companion Contract, and the Share Purchase Agreement and the agreements to be executed and delivered in connection herewith (as expressly set forth herein) set forth the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties hereto and shall supersede any other agreements and understandings (written or oral) between the Parties on or prior to the date of this Agreement with respect to the transactions described in this Agreement.
Executive shall be and shall hold the title of Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive shall assume such position on the Commencement Date.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee and the jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Tennessee sitting in Davidson County, and irrevocably waives any immunity from the jurisdiction of such courts and any claim of improper venue, forum non conveniens, or any similar objection which it might otherwise be entitled to raise in any such suit, action, or proceeding.
This Agreement and the Plan supersede any other agreement, whether written or oral, that may have been made or entered into by the Corporation and/or any of its subsidiaries and the Director relating to the shares of restricted Common Stock that are granted under this Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement by the parties with respect to such matters, and there are no agreements or commitments except as set forth herein and in the Plan.
On each Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto with respect to the First Closing, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, such Purchaser’s Closing Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser (an aggregate of up to $400,000.00 in Subscription Amount in connection with the Principal Amount of the Note). At the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser its Note, as determined pursuant to Section 2.3(a), and the Company and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.3 deliverable at the First Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4 for the Closing, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Robinson Brog or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
There are no actions, suits, claims, disputes or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the best of the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against or affecting any Group Member or any business, property or rights of any Group Member (i) that purport to affect or involve any Loan Document or any of the Transactions or (ii) that have resulted, or as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.
No delay or omission on part of the holder of this Note in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any such right or of any other right of such holder, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a bar to or waiver of the same or any other right on any future occasion.  The rights and remedies of the Payee shall be cumulative and may be pursued singly, successively, or together, in the sole discretion of the Payee.
In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in Exhibit A) the Account of each Participant shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum in cash within five business days after the date of the Change in Control, in an amount equal to the result of multiplying (i) the number of Deferred Stock Units credited to the Participant’s Account on the Change in Control date by (ii) the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the Change in Control date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Change in Control involves the disposition of all of the Common Stock of the Company for cash or securities the price per share received by the holders of Common Stock shall be substituted for the Fair Market Value on the Change in Control date; if the price is paid other than solely in cash or securities with a readily determinable market value, the Board will have the sole discretion to determine the valuation of any such portion of the price per share.
The Corporation agrees that it will not, and will cause its Affiliates not to, make any offer or sale of securities of the Corporation of any class if, as a result of the doctrine of “integration” referred to in Rule 502 under the 1933 Act, such offer or sale would render invalid (for the purpose of (i) the sale of the Notes by the Corporation to the Initial Purchasers, (ii) the resale of the Notes by the Initial Purchasers to Subsequent Purchasers or (iii) the resale of the Notes by such Subsequent Purchasers to others the exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act provided by Section 4(2) thereof or by Rule 144A or otherwise.
The Executive shall be entitled to reasonable paid vacation periods, in accordance with Company policy, to be taken in the Executive’s discretion, in a manner consistent with the Executive’s obligations to the Company under this Agreement, and subject, with respect to timing, to the reasonable approval of the Executive’s Direct Supervisor.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other obligations.
If, at the time of enforcement of this Agreement, a court holds that the duration, geographical area or scope of activity restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing or impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill and other business interests of the Company, Participant agrees that the maximum duration, scope or area reasonable under such circumstances will be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court will be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum duration, scope and area permitted by law, in all cases giving effect to the intent of the parties that the restrictions contained herein be given effect to the broadest extent possible.
If any provision of the Agreement is rendered or declared illegal or unenforceable by reason of any existing or subsequently enacted legislation or by decree of a court of last resort, the Parties shall meet promptly and negotiate substitute provisions for those rendered or declared illegal or unenforceable that gives effect to the intent of the Parties to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, but all of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and will not be affected or impaired in any way thereby. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Party hereby waives any provision of Law that renders any such provision prohibited or unenforceable in any respect.
Borrower shall promptly commence construction of the Improvements in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Loan Agreement and will pursue the same in good faith with diligence and continuity in accordance with the Plans and Specifications.
To the Knowledge of the SN Parties, as of the date hereof the Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or equity interests of any other Person.
If Executive terminates her employment hereunder, notwithstanding the at-will nature of Executive’s employment hereunder, Executive shall provide Employer with sixty (60) days’ written notice of her intention to terminate her employment with Employer. During any such period of required notice, Executive will continue to be an employee and will continue to be entitled to receive Basic Compensation for the period of time that she actually performs her duties pursuant to this Agreement. Executive’s fiduciary duties and other obligations as an employee of Employer will continue, and Executive will cooperate in the transition of her responsibilities. Employer shall, however, have the right, in its sole discretion, to direct that Executive no longer come in to work or to shorten the notice period. If Employer shortens the required notice period Executive has provided, Employer reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to not pay Executive for any remaining period of notice. Executive’s eligibility to participate in any incentive compensation plan during any period of notice shall be determined by the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable plan. If Executive’s employment with Employer is terminated for any reason (other than due to her death), she agrees to resign immediately from the Board of Directors and the boards of directors of any subsidiaries or affiliated entities of the Company, as applicable, and provide corresponding letters of resignation.
If any provision in this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, not binding or unenforceable, (a) such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid, not binding or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of this Agreement, and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and (b) the Parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.
The audited balance sheet and the related statements of income, stockholder’s equity and cash flow of Guarantor as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly the financial condition and results of operation and cash flows of Guarantor as of such date and for such period. The unaudited balance sheet and the related statements of income, stockholder’s equity and cash flow of Guarantor as of and for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of Guarantor as of such date and for such periods.
On the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses required to be paid, on or before the Closing Date, including, without limitation, all Fees accrued to and including the Closing Date under the Existing Credit Agreement.
Unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereof or otherwise extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in force and effect until December 31, 2016 (the “Initial Term”), provided, however, that the Parties agree that DSM and its successors-in-interest shall have no obligation under this Agreement after December 31, 2015 to provide manufacturing, processing, purifying, formulating, or finishing Manufacturing services for Product at DSM’s [ †] facility located in [ †] or at any other facility, but shall be obligated until December 31, 2016 only to provide packaging, labeling, holding, handling, storing, preparing for shipment, inspecting and quality control and stability testing Manufacturing services at Patheon’s [ †] facility located in [ †] for Product that was filled and finished prior to December 31, 2015 at DSM’s [ †] facility located in [ †] .
(a)  Sell or transfer any property or assets to, or purchase or acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transaction with, any of its Affiliates, unless such transaction is (i) otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement, and (ii) upon terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable , Covenant Party than would be obtained in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a person that is not an Affiliate.
The Executive’s or the Company’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof or any other provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right that the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver thereof.
Pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Merger Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that the Merger Agreement, including all schedules and exhibits thereto, and all ancillary agreements contemplated thereby or entered pursuant to (collectively, the “ Transaction Documents ”), are hereby terminated effective immediately as of the date hereof (the “ Termination Time ”) and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, including Section 9.5(e) of the Merger Agreement (provided that Section 7.10(c) of the Merger Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms), the Transaction Documents are terminated in their entirety and shall be of no further force or effect whatsoever (the “ Termination ”).
All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00 p.m. in the case of payment in Dollars or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in Alternative Currency shall, in each case, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. Subject to the definition of “Interest Period”, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
Xerox and Conduent (for purposes of this Section 9.02 only, prior to the Closing, one “ party ”) and Deason (for purposes of this Section 9.02 only, prior to the Closing, the other “party”) may, subject to applicable Law and only in writing, (a) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of another party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, (b) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or acts of another party or (c) waive compliance by another party with any of the agreements contained herein applicable to such party or, except as otherwise provided herein, waive any of such party’s conditions.
Each party hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right he, she or it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. Each party ( i ) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and ( ii ) acknowledges that he, she or it and the other party hereto have been induced to enter into the Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 6(n).
This Agreement and all questions regarding its validity or interpretation, or the breach or performance of this Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to conflict of law principles. The U.N. Convention on the Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.
The Executive’s employment with the Company shall terminate automatically upon his death.
Any provision of this Third Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
In the event of any merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company with any other corporation or corporations, there shall be substituted for each of the shares of Common Stock then subject to the Plan, including shares subject to restrictions, options, or achievement of performance share objectives, the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities to which the holders of the shares of Common Stock will be entitled pursuant to the transaction. In the event of any recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares or other change in the Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock then subject to the Plan, including shares subject to restrictions, options or achievements of performance shares, shall be adjusted in proportion to the change in outstanding shares of Common Stock. In the event of any such adjustments, the purchase price of any option, the performance objectives of any Incentive, and the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to any Incentive shall be adjusted as and to the extent appropriate, in the discretion of the Committee, to provide participants with the same relative rights before and after such adjustment.
Unless otherwise defined in Exhibit A , capitalized terms used in this Agreement (including the preamble hereto) shall have the meanings provided in Section 1.3 ( Definitions ) of Schedule A ( Common Definitions and Rules of Interpretation ) of the Common Terms Agreement.
There are no oral agreements between the parties hereto affecting this Lease and this Lease supersedes and cancels any and all previous negotiations, arrangements, brochures, agreements and understandings, if any, between the parties hereto or displayed by Landlord to Tenant with respect to the subject matter thereof, and none thereof shall be used to interpret or construe this Lease. This Lease and any side letter or separate agreement executed by Landlord and Tenant in connection with this Lease and dated of even date herewith contain all of the terms, covenants, conditions, warranties and agreements of the parties relating in any manner to the rental, use and occupancy of the Premises, shall be considered to be the only agreement between the parties hereto and their representatives and agents, and none of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease can be modified, deleted or added to except in writing signed by the parties hereto. All negotiations and oral agreements acceptable to both parties have been merged into and are included herein. There are no other representations or warranties between the parties, and all reliance with respect to representations is based totally upon the representations and agreements contained in this Lease.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2 nd ) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.  The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.
No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless expressed in a written document that refers to this Agreement executed in writing by both of the parties hereto and no waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.
The Holder shall, not later than the date as of which the receipt of this award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Corporation any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. Except in the case where an election is made pursuant to Paragraph 9 below, the Corporation shall have the authority to cause the required minimum tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued or released by the transfer agent a number of shares of Stock with an aggregate fair market value that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due.
The term of the Executive’s employment under this Agreement (the “Employment Period ”) shall commence on the effective date of the Agreement first entered above (the “ Effective Date ”) and shall continue until the earliest of (a) the voluntary termination of Executive’s employment by the Executive other than for Good Reason (as defined in Section 4.2), (b) the termination of the Executive’s employment by the Executive for Good Reason, (c) the termination of the Executive’s employment by Fulton for any reason other than Cause (as defined in Section 4.3), (d) the termination of the Executive’s employment by Fulton for Cause, (e) termination of the Executive’s employment with Fulton due to the Disability (as defined in Section 4.4), (f) the termination of Executive’s employment with Fulton due to the Executive’s retirement upon attaining age 65, or (g) the death of the Executive.
Employee and spouse will be enrolled on the corporate health insurance plan once the Salary described in Section 5.2 is implemented.
Schedule 3.18 lists the major insurance policies, as of the Closing Date, for each Credit Party, including issuers and limits. Each of the Credit Parties and each of their respective Subsidiaries and their respective Properties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies or associations of a nature and providing such coverage as is customarily carried by businesses of the size and character of the business of the Credit Parties.
Nothing contained in this Second Amendment shall be deemed to limit, affect or impair the imposition of or provision for late charges, default charges and default interest as provided in the Credit Documents. This Second Amendment is subject to the condition precedent of payment to Lender of a modification and extension fee in the amount of Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00) which, at the option of Lender, may be taken out of one or more Advances.
No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s or other similar fee or commission, or the reimbursement of expenses in connection therewith, in connection with this Agreement or the Exchanges based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Xerox or any of its Subsidiaries, other than any arrangements for which Xerox or any of its Subsidiaries are solely responsible.
This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the employment of Employee by the Company, excluding any Nondisclosure Agreement previously signed by Employee, the Proprietary Rights Agreement, the written policies adopted by the Company from time to time, and a Dispute Resolution and Mutually Binding Arbitration Agreement to be executed by the parties contemporaneous herewith, and contains all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to that employment in any manner whatsoever. Each party acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, other than those set forth herein, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise between the parties not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on the parties. Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing signed by the party to be charged.
Payments .  All amounts due under this Section 14.2 shall be payable promptly after demand therefor.
(a)  Keep all Property material to the conduct of its business in reasonably good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted except where a failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that State, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement may be assigned by the Company or Parent to an entity which is an affiliate, or to its successors and assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by you.
From time to time, at the Company’s request and without further consideration, Executive shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take all such further action as reasonably requested by the Company to be necessary or desirable to make effective, in the most expeditious manner possible, the terms of this Agreement and to provide adequate assurance of Executive’s due performance hereunder.
Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing, Seller, shall maintain all relevant insurance policies and shall not, without Buyer’s prior written consent: (a) enter into a lease or tenancy or occupancy agreement with respect to the Property or portion thereof, (b) enter into, amend, renew, terminate or extend any agreement affecting the Property, except for those agreements to be terminated as set forth in this Agreement; or (s) negotiate the terms of or enter into any lease or other agreement with any person or entity for the delivery of water from the Property.
This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without application of any choice of law provisions that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to its principles of conflicts of law.
The validity, construction, and effect of this Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, by confirmed facsimile, or both, each of which will be considered an original, but all of which together will constitute the same instrument.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement (or any portion thereof) and the Company Constitution, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.
Each Group Member has filed or caused to be filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member) except where the failure to file such returns and pay such taxes, fees and other charges, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; to the knowledge of any Borrower, no tax Lien has been filed, and no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect.
No Option Shares shall be issued upon exercise of this Option unless and until the Company is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that there has been compliance with all legal requirements applicable to the issuance of such Option Shares.
For the purposes and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower irrevocably assigns to Beneficiary all of Borrower’s right, title and interest in, to and under the Leases, together with any and all Rents. This assignment shall not impose upon Beneficiary any duty to produce Rents from the Subject Property, nor cause Beneficiary to be: (a) a “mortgagee in possession” for any purpose; (b) responsible for performing any of the obligations of the lessor or landlord under any Lease; or (c) responsible for any waste committed by any person or entity at any time in possession of the Subject Property or any part thereof, or for any dangerous or defective condition of the Subject Property, or for any negligence in the management, upkeep, repair or control of the Subject Property. This is an absolute assignment, not an assignment for security only, and Beneficiary’s right to Rents is not contingent upon and may be exercised without taking possession of the Subject Property. Borrower agrees to execute and deliver to Beneficiary, within five (5) days of Beneficiary’s written request, such additional documents as Beneficiary or Trustee may reasonably request to further evidence the assignment to Beneficiary of any and all Leases and Rents. Beneficiary or Trustee, at Beneficiary’s option and without notice, may notify any lessee or tenant of this assignment of the Leases and Rents.
If the Trustee, any Noteholder or any other Secured Party has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned or dismissed for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Noteholder or other Secured Party, then and in every such case the Trustee and the Noteholders shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the other Secured Parties shall continue as though no such Proceeding had been instituted.
Any change in the time, manner or place of payment of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, or in any other term thereof, or any renewal, extension, increase, alteration, rearrangement, amendment or other modification to any provision of any of the MDA or any other document, instrument, contract or understanding between the EPR Parties and the Empire Developers or any other Person pertaining to the Guaranteed Obligations.
Upon the exercise of any Warrants, including the automatic exercise in accordance with Section 4.9 , or upon any request by a Holder, the Company shall deliver to the Warrant Agent or a requesting Holder, as applicable, a certificate of an authorized officer of the Company setting forth a true, complete and accurate listing, of all the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding as of the applicable Exercise Date or the date of such request, as applicable, and representing and warranting that such list is true, complete and accurate as of the applicable date. No Holder shall request any certificate more often than once in any thirty (30) day period.
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant or, if no rights of the Participant are reduced, thereafter, subject to the provisions of the applicable Award Agreement and the Plan, upon a Participant’s Termination for any reason, Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights will remain exercisable following a Participant’s Termination on the same basis as Stock Options would be exercisable following a Participant’s Termination in accordance with the provisions of Sections 6.3(f) through 6.3(j).
Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to the Company in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof by the [General Counsel] of the Company. Any notice hereunder by the Company shall be given to the Participant in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof at such address as the Participant may have on file with the Company.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports and Schedule 3.1(f) of the Disclosure Schedules. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of restricted stock units under the Company’s equity incentive plans and pursuant to the conversion or exercise or exchange of Common Stock Equivalents. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in any transaction pertaining to the Company’s capital stock. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or Schedule 3.1(f) of the Disclosure Schedules, and except for outstanding awards under the Company’s equity incentive plans, there are no outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
With respect to matters relating to the creation, perfection and procedures relating to the enforcement of this Deed of Trust, this Deed of Trust shall be governed by, and be construed in accordance with, the laws of the state in which the Property is located, it being understood that, except as expressly set forth above in this paragraph and to the fullest extent permitted by the law of such state, the law of the State of New York shall govern all matters relating to this Deed of Trust and the other Credit Documents and all of the Indebtedness or Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder. All provisions of the Credit Agreement incorporated herein by reference shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, as set forth in the governing law provision of the Credit Agreement .
This Agreement may not be amended and no other actions may be taken under this Agreement except by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and each Noteholder.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and, except as otherwise provided herein, cancels all prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings, negotiations, agreements, commitments, representations, and promises in connection herewith. Notwithstanding the forgoing, except as set forth in this Agreement, nothing set forth herein shall cancel, terminate, modify, suspend, or otherwise affect those obligations set forth in the Employment Agreement which survive the termination of Employee’s employment with Employer.
(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligation of any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any Loan Document shall be made, in accordance with Section 2.11 or the applicable provisions of such other Loan Document, if any, without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law .   If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, and if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
Each of the Company and the Payee (i) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting in the District of Delaware and the courts of the State of Delaware for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note and (ii) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper.  Each of the Company and the Payee consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address set forth in Section 13 hereof and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing in this Section 21 shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
The Seller and each Servicer (i) shall provide, at its own expense, such cooperation, information and assistance, and prepare and supply the Agent with such data regarding the Receivables and the performance by the Seller and each Servicer of their respective obligations under the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, as may be reasonably requested by the Agent from time to time and (ii) hereby authorizes and hereby agrees from time to time, at its own expense, promptly to execute (if necessary) and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the purchases made under the Agreement and/or security interest granted pursuant to the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to enable the Agent (on behalf of the Purchaser) to exercise and enforce the Purchasers’ rights and remedies under the Agreement and any other Transaction Document.
The Company hereby agrees that it will use its best efforts to file a motion reasonably satisfactory to the Senior Executives in the Chapter 11 Cases, no later than three (3) days following the Petition Date, seeking: (i) approval of this Agreement under Rule 9019 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure and (ii) assumption of the Non-Qualified Plan and the Employment Agreements (as amended by the Employment Agreement Amendments) pursuant to Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code (the “ Approval Motion ”). This Agreement shall become enforceable and effective (the “ Effective Date ”) upon entry of a final non-appealable order by the Bankruptcy Court approving the Approval Motion that is reasonably satisfactory to the Senior Executives and acceptable to the Consenting Noteholders.
The Company has at all times conducted its business and corporate affairs in accordance with its articles of association or other equivalent constitutional documents and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations in all material respects and there has been no material default order, decree or judgment of any court or any governmental or regulatory authority in any jurisdiction which applies to the Company.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used only for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Letters of Credit will be issued only to support the general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, or permit its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents to use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, in any material respect, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in each case, to the extent prohibited by applicable Sanctions, or (c) in any other manner that would result in the material violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party to this Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of the Operative Documents will, on the Delivery Date, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Borrower, do not require any stockholder approval, or approval or consent of any trustee or holders of any indebtedness or obligations of the Borrower except such as have been duly obtained by the Delivery Date and will on the Delivery Date be in full force and effect, and none of such Operative Documents contravenes any law, judgment, government rule, regulation or order binding on the Borrower or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Borrower or contravenes the provisions of, or constitutes a default under, or results in the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon the property of the Borrower under, any indenture, mortgage, contract or other agreement to which the Borrower is a party or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected.
No waiver of any term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement herein contained shall be effective unless set forth in a writing signed by Lender, and any such waiver shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing. No failure to exercise or delay in exercising, by Lender or any holder of the Note, of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy provided by law. The rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any right or remedy provided by law or equity. No notice or demand on Borrower in any case shall, in itself, entitle Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of Lender to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand. No consent or waiver, expressed or implied, by Lender to or of any breach or default by Borrower in the performance of its obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance of the same or any other obligations of Borrower hereunder. Failure on the part of Lender to complain of any acts or failure to act or to declare a Default or an Event of Default, irrespective of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by Lender of its rights hereunder or impair any rights, powers or remedies on account of any breach or default by Borrower.
Seller and Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with each other (at no cost or expense to the Party whose cooperation is requested) to provide written notice to any Person under any Tenant Leases, Contracts, Licenses and Permits, and to effect any registrations or filings with any Governmental Authority or other Person, regarding the change in ownership of the Property or the Business.  This Section 7.6 shall survive the Closing as well as the termination of this Agreement.
THIS AMENDMENT AND ALL OTHER INSTRUMENTS, DOCUMENTS AND AGREEMENTS EXECUTED AND DELIVERED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
The Executive Officer understands and agrees that the employment relationship creates a relationship of confidence and trust between Executive Officer and Merchants with respect to all Confidential Information. At all times during the Executive Officer’s employment with the Bank and after its termination, the Executive Officer will keep in confidence and trust all such Confidential Information and will not use or disclose any such Confidential Information without the written consent of the Bank’s CEO except as may be necessary during the ordinary course of performing the Executive Officer’s duties with Merchants.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any assignee or successor in interest to PepsiCo, whether by merger, consolidation or the sale of all or substantially all of PepsiCo’s assets. PepsiCo will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of PepsiCo expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that PepsiCo would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Participant or his or her legal representative and any person to whom the PSUs and LTC Award may be transferred by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution.
The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Section 7.
This Agreement, along with the Confidentiality Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, during the term of this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, this Agreement is intended to supersede all severance or termination payment or benefit provisions of the Employment Agreement during the term of this Agreement, but the Employment Agreement will continue in full force and effect independent of this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein. To the extent its terms otherwise apply, the Employment Agreement will survive following termination of this Agreement due to non-renewal of this Agreement, but in no event will Executive receive severance under the Employment Agreement for a termination of employment that occurs while this Agreement is in effect. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement.
Each person who is or shall have been a member of the Board and the Administrator shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any and all loss, cost, liability or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such person in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit or proceeding to which such person may be or become a party or in which such person may be or become involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by such person in settlement thereof (with the Company’s written approval) or paid by such person in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except a judgment in favor of the Company based upon a finding of such person’s lack of good faith; subject, however , to the condition that, upon the institution of any claim, action, suit or proceeding against such person, such person shall in writing give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before such person undertakes to handle and defend it on such person’s behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other right to which such person may be entitled as a matter of law or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify or hold such person harmless.
The Executive shall be entitled to vacation time consistent with the applicable policies of the Company for other senior executives as in effect from time to time, but in no event less than twenty-five (25) days per year.
On the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the Transactions and the incurrence and repayment of all Indebtedness and obligations being incurred and repaid in connection herewith and therewith on the Closing Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.
The Subsidiaries are all of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company (other than Synthesis Energy Systems (Zao Zhuang) New Gas Company Ltd., a Chinese company and SES Asia Technologies, Ltd., a Hong Kong company). The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any “ Liens ” (which for purposes of this Agreement means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction), and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
The General Partner may treat taxes paid by the Partnership on behalf of all or less than all of the Partners, including any taxes imposed under Section 6225 of the Code, either as an advance of a distribution of cash to such Partners or as a general expense of the Partnership, as determined appropriate under the circumstances by the General Partner. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized to take any action that may be required to cause the Partnership and other Group Members to comply with any withholding requirements established under the Code or any other federal, state or local law including pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 and 1446 of the Code, or established under any foreign law. To the extent that the Partnership is required or elects to withhold and pay over to any taxing authority any amount resulting from the allocation or distribution of income to any Partner (including by reason of Section 1446 of the Code), the General Partner may treat the amount withheld as a distribution of cash pursuant to Section 6.3 or Section 12.4(c) in the amount of such withholding from such Partner.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.
This Agreement and the authority delegated to Titan Management herein shall terminate (a) automatically upon the closing of the redemption by New HoldCo of the Series A Preferred Share in accordance with Section 5.7(b)(viii) of the New HoldCo LLC Agreement, (b) automatically upon the termination of the Omnibus Agreement, or (c) automatically upon the sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, gift, exchange, or other disposal of the Series A Preferred Share to any other person; provided, however , that subsection (c) shall not preclude or limit Titan Management’s ability to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in the Series A Preferred Share; provided further, however , that the authority delegated to Titan Management herein shall terminate upon any forced sale of the Series A Preferred Share pursuant to the foreclosure of any such encumbrance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sections 9, 10, 12, 20 and 22 shall survive termination of this Agreement.
In order to provide the Company with the opportunity to claim the benefit of any income tax deduction which may be available to it upon the exercise of the Option and in order to comply with all applicable federal or state income tax laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to insure that, if necessary, all applicable federal or state payroll, withholding, income or other taxes are withheld or collected from Participant. In accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Company under the Plan, Participant may elect to satisfy its federal and state income tax withholding obligations arising from the receipt of the Shares by (i) delivering cash, check (bank check, certified check or personal check) or money order payable to the order of the Company, (ii) having the Company withhold a portion of the Shares otherwise to be issued upon such exercise having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the amount of the employer's minimum statutory withholding requirements, or (iii) delivering unencumbered Shares previously acquired by Participant having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that is equal to the amount of such taxes.  The Company will not deliver any fractional Share but will pay, in lieu thereof, the Fair Market Value of such fractional Share.  Participant's election must be made on or before the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined.
On each Borrowing Date, other than as set forth on Schedule 6.09, there shall be no actions, suits or proceedings (governmental or private) pending or, to the Parent or the Borrower’s knowledge, threatened (i) with respect to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or (ii) which has had, or, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.
The Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the RSUs, prospectively or retroactively; provided, that , no such amendment shall adversely affect the Grantee's material rights under this Agreement without the Grantee's consent.
All notices hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile or electronic transmission) and shall be sent to the applicable party at its address shown on Annex A or at such other address as such party may, by written notice received by the other parties, have designated as its address for such purpose. Notices sent by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been given when sent; notices sent by mail shall be deemed to have been given three Business Days after the date when sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid; and notices sent by hand delivery or overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to such state’s choice of law provisions which would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. Each of the Parties hereby agrees that the Bankruptcy Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; provided however , that if a CEC Chapter 11 Case or CEC Bankruptcy Event occurs, the court in which the case initiated by such CEC Chapter 11 Case or CEC Bankruptcy Event is pending shall have concurrent jurisdiction to enforce CEC’s compliance with this Agreement.
Borrower hereby waives and releases all benefit that might accrue to the Borrower by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property that may serve as security for this Note, or any other property or Collateral, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property or Collateral, from attachment, levy, or sale under execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment, including, without limitation, any and all homestead exemption rights of the Borrower; and the Borrower agrees that any property that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued thereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order or manner desired by Holder.  In addition, the Borrower and all others who are, or may become liable for the payment hereof: (i) severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of nonpayment or dishonor, protest and notice of protest of this Note or the other Loan Documents, and all other notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note or the other Loan Documents; (ii) expressly consent to all extensions of time, renewals or postponements of time of payment of this Note or the other Loan Documents from time to time prior to or after the maturity of this Note without notice, consent or further consideration to any of the foregoing; (iii) expressly agree that the Holder shall not be required first to institute any suit, or to exhaust its remedies against the Borrower, or any other Person or party to become liable hereunder or against any Collateral that may secure this Note in order to enforce the payment of this Note; and (iv) expressly agree that, notwithstanding the occurrence of any of the foregoing (except the express written release by the Holder of any such Person), the undersigned shall be and remain, directly and primarily liable for all sums due under this Note.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the approval or consent of any Person or the authorization, consent, approval of or any license or permit issued by, or any filing or registration with, or the giving of any notice to, any court, department, board, commission or other governmental agency or authority other than those already obtained and any disclosure filings with the SEC as may be required with respect to this Amendment.
No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
The Stockholder has legal right and capacity, to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform the Stockholder’s obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action of the Stockholder, and no other proceedings on the part of the Stockholder or any Affiliate thereof are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Stockholder, enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance with its terms (except to the extent that enforceability (a) may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, reorganization or similar Laws affecting or relating to creditors’ rights generally (whether now or hereafter in effect) and (b) is subject to general principles of equity).
Borrower is not a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction which might materially and adversely affect Borrower or the Properties or any Property, or Borrower’s business, properties or assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise. Borrower is not in default in any material respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which Borrower or the Properties or any Property are bound. Borrower has no material financial obligation under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower or the Properties or any Property is otherwise bound, other than (a) any obligations incurred in the ordinary course of the operation of the Properties or any Property as permitted pursuant to clause (s) of the definition of “Special Purpose Entity” set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, and (b) the obligations under the Loan Documents.
Swingline Loans shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans.  Interest on Swingline Loans is solely for the account of the Swingline Lender (except to the extent a Lender acquires a participating interest in a Swingline Loan pursuant to the immediately following subsection (e)).  All accrued and unpaid interest on Swingline Loans shall be payable on the dates and in the manner provided in Section 2.4. with respect to interest on Base Rate Loans (except as the Swingline Lender and the Borrower may otherwise agree in writing in connection with any particular Swingline Loan).
The Subscriber acknowledges that the Corporation and its counsel are relying upon the representations, warranties, acknowledgements and covenants of the Subscriber set forth herein (including the schedules attached hereto) in determining the eligibility (from a securities law perspective) of the Subscriber (or, if applicable, the eligibility of another on whose behalf the Subscriber is contracting hereunder to subscribe for Common Shares) to purchase Common Shares under the Offering, and hereby agrees to indemnify the Corporation and its directors, officers, employees, advisers, affiliates, shareholders, representatives and agents (including their respective legal counsel) against all losses, claims, costs, expenses, damages or liabilities that they may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with a breach by the Subscriber of any such representations, warranties, acknowledgements and covenants. The Subscriber undertakes to immediately notify the Corporation of any change in any statement or other information relating to the Subscriber set forth herein that occurs prior to the Closing Time. To the extent that any person entitled to be indemnified hereunder is not a party to this Subscription Agreement, the Corporation shall obtain and hold the rights and benefits of this Subscription Agreement in trust for, and on behalf of, such person, and such person shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this section notwithstanding that such person is not a party to this Subscription Agreement.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than thirty (30) days after receipt of a reasonably detailed invoice therefor.
During the Engagement Term (as defined below), Executive will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, and assuming  and discharging  such responsibilities  as are commensurate  with  Executive’s position. During the Engagement Term, Executive will provide services in a manner that will faithfully and diligently further the business of the Company and will devote a substantial portion of Executive’s business time, attention and energy thereto.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall restrict Executive from managing his investments, other business affairs and other matters or serving on civic or charitable boards or committees, provided that no such activities unduly  interfere with the performance  of his obligations  under this Agreement, provided  that Executive shall honor the non-competition and non-solicitation   terms as per  Section  14 below.   During the Engagement Term, Executive agrees to disclose to the Company those other companies of which he is a member of the Board of Directors, an executive officer, or a consultant.
Each party’s obligations under Sections 4.1 and 4.2 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent or any assignment of rights by or replacement of a Lender, the termination of the Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction, discharge or Full Payment of any Obligations.
This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Photographic or other electronic counterparts shall be considered valid.
This Plan shall survive any Change in Control, and the provisions of this Plan shall be binding upon the surviving corporation, which shall be treated as the Company hereunder. The benefits provided under this Plan shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Participant’s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If the Participant dies while any amounts would be payable to the Participant hereunder had the Participant continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Plan to such person or persons appointed in writing by the Participant to receive such amounts or, if no person is so appointed, to the Participant’s estate.
This Escrow Agreement will terminate when Escrow Agent has released all the escrowed funds pursuant to section 2 hereof.
The Participant may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate and the Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, any applicable withholding taxes in respect of the RSUs, their grant or vesting or any payment or transfer with respect to the RSUs, to include withholding of vested shares, and to take such additional action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and, for purposes of this Note, shall be delivered in accordance with, and effective as provided in, the Securities Purchase Agreement.
This Agreement, together with any exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.
Each Lender represents and warrants that it has made its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in connection with Credit Extensions hereunder and that it has made and shall continue to make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. No Agent shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any such investigation or any such appraisal on behalf of Lenders or to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times thereafter, and no Agent shall have any responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any information provided to Lenders.
Subject to Section 9(c) of this Agreement, you agree not to take any action or make any statement, written or oral, which disparages or criticizes the Company’s or any of its Affiliates’ business practices, or which disrupts or impairs its or their normal operations, including actions or statements that would (i) harm Company’s or any of its Affiliates’ reputation with its or their current or prospective clients or business partners, or the public or (ii) interfere with existing contracts or employment relationships with current and prospective clients, business partners or the Company’s or any of its Affiliates’ employees.
This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Employee concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Employee’s employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Employee’s relationship with the Company, with the exception of the Confidentiality Agreement and the Stock Agreements, except as modified herein.
You will be paid a bi weekly base salary of $23,076.93 every other Friday, which equates to $600,000 annually. Your employment status will be classified as a regular, full-time exempt employee.
The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent certifying that the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including the borrowing of Revolving Loans, if any) are Solvent as of the Closing Date.
No Default or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the choice of law provisions thereof.
Section 4.24 of the Disclosure Schedule lists all insurance policies (by policy number, insurer, annual premium, premium payment dates, expiration date and type of coverage) held by or on behalf of the Company as of the Execution Date, relating to the business and operations of the Company, copies of which have been provided to Buyer (collectively, the “ Insurance Policies ”). As of the Execution Date, all premiums due through the Execution Date have been paid for the Insurance Policies. To Seller’s Knowledge, the Insurance Policies are in full force and effect, enforceable and valid and binding. No written notice of cancellation or termination has been received by the Company with respect to any Insurance Policy. Since January 1, 2016, the Company has not received any written notice, or any other written communication, regarding any refusal of any coverage or rejection of any pending claim under any Insurance Policy. To Seller’s Knowledge, there are no claims under such Insurance Policies that are reasonably likely to exhaust the applicable limit of liability. To Seller’s Knowledge, the Company has reported in a timely manner all reportable events to its insurers.
This Settlement Agreement may be executed by the Parties hereto in separate counterparts (including by fax and .pdf), each of which when so executed shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
WPPI shall not have materially defaulted in the performance of its covenants or obligations hereunder.
Except as set forth on Section 2.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since March 31, 2015, the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act or has received an extension of such time of filing (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits and appendices included therein and financial statements, notes and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the “ SEC Documents ”).  The Company has delivered to Buyer or its representatives true, correct and complete copies of each of the SEC Documents not available on the EDGAR system.  As of their respective dates, each of the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect as of the time of filing.  Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude the footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate).
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Party will use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or desirable, under applicable Law or otherwise, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  The Parties agree to execute and deliver such other documents, certificates, agreements and other writings and to take such other actions as may be necessary or desirable in order to consummate or implement expeditiously the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that in the event of a breach of any provision of this Agreement, the aggrieved party may elect to institute and prosecute proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce specific performance or to enjoin the continuing breach of this Agreement. Such remedies, however, shall be cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other remedy which any party hereto may have.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but such counterparts together shall constitute one single and the same instrument.
This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the other Borrower Parties, each member of the Lender Group and their respective successors and assigns; provided, that the Borrower shall be entitled to delegate any of its duties hereunder or assign any of its rights or remedies set forth in this Amendment without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.  No Person other than the Borrower, the other Borrower Parties and the Lender Group and, in the case of Section 6 hereof, the Releasees, shall have any rights hereunder or be entitled to rely on this Amendment and all third-party beneficiary rights (other than the rights of the Releasees under Section 6 hereof) are hereby expressly disclaimed.
The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) default by the Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (c) the failure to borrow any Competitive Loan after accepting the Competitive Bid to make such Loan or (d) the making of a prepayment of Eurodollar Loans or Fixed Rate Loans on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such indemnification shall be the amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount so prepaid, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, at the Eurodollar Rate that would have been applicable for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurodollar market.  A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Borrower by any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.
(a) If any Lender (a “ Benefited Lender ”) shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Loans, or interest thereon, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 9.1(f) , or otherwise (except pursuant to Section 2.7 , 2.8 , 4.4 , 4.9 , 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 , 4.13(d) , 11.1(g) or 11.6 )), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender’s Loans owing to it, or interest thereon, such Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders an interest (by participation, assignment or otherwise) in such portion of each such other Lender’s Loans owing to it, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the Lenders; provided , however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
The obligations of the Company and of any Holder, other than those obligations contained in Section 10 and this Section 14 , shall terminate with respect to the Company and such Holder as soon as such Holder no longer beneficially owns any Registrable Securities.
No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court, governmental agency or body or arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Company, the New York Stock Exchange or the Company's shareholders is required for the execution by the Company of this Agreement and compliance and performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Shares, which consent has not been obtained as of the Closing Date, other than the Stockholder Approval. This Agreement and the Company’s performance of its obligations hereunder has been approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and will be approved by the Company’s stockholders pursuant to the Stockholders’ Approval, all in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Incorporation.
The terms of this Agreement and each Paragraph thereof shall be considered severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any part thereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining portions or provisions hereof.
The Company may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Employee. The Employee may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time upon thirty (30) days’ written notice to the Company. If requested by the Company, the Employee shall continue to perform his duties and shall receive a mutually agreeable salary up to the date of termination. In addition, the Company at its discretion may pay the Employee a severance allowance on the date of the termination.
COMPANY HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES THE RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR CLAIM BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE REVOLVING NOTE, ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ANY OTHER ACTION OF EITHER PARTY.  THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO SECURED PARTY TO MAKE THE LOANS EVIDENCED BY THE REVOLVING NOTE.
For purposes of this Option and any determinations to be made by the Administrator hereunder, the determinations by the Administrator shall be binding upon the Employee and any transferee.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder (other than pursuant to Section 7.03 ) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.06(f) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
The Requesting Parties shall have obtained (i) the written consent of SNH to the granting of the exceptions to the Ownership Limit to the Requesting Parties and the Collateral Persons by the FVE Board described in  Sections 2.1(c)  and  2.1(d)  and (ii) a written waiver from SNH, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, of any default or event of default under any lease, management or other agreement between or among the Company and SNH, or any of their subsidiaries, arising or resulting from the consummation of the Proposed Acquisition or the granting of such exceptions. Such written consent and waiver shall be for the benefit of the Company, the Requesting Parties and the Collateral Persons and otherwise in such form as is satisfactory to the FVE Board in its sole discretion (the “ SNH Consent ”) and all conditions to the effectiveness of the SNH Consent set forth therein shall have been satisfied.
Subject to Sections 9(j) and 10, and the other terms of this Agreement, the Manager shall have the full and exclusive right to manage and control the business and affairs of the Company and to make all decisions regarding the business of the Company. All documents to be signed by the Company may be executed on behalf of the Company by the Manager of the Company (or if so authorized, by the applicable officers of the Company). Any non-Member transacting business with the Company may rely on the signature of the Manager (or such officers) of the Company on any document or other instrument as creating a valid and binding obligation of the Company in accordance with its terms, and such non-Member shall not be required to inquire as to the authorization of the Manager (or such officers).
Purchaser hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Seller harmless from and against any loss or damage arising from any and all persons or firms entering the Property on Purchaser’s behalf and the claims of any and all persons or firms entering the Property on Purchaser’s behalf, which indemnity shall survive the Closing or any earlier termination hereof, provided that such indemnity shall not be applicable to conditions merely discovered by Purchaser, but not originally caused by Purchaser, its agents or employees, nor shall such indemnity extend to loss, damage or claims caused by or arising out of any acts, omissions, negligence or intentional misconduct of Seller, its agents, employees, tenants or invitees. Purchaser shall keep all information confidential until after Closing, provided, however, that Purchaser may disclose such information to any employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and contractors of Purchaser involved in the inspection or investigation of the Property conducted by Purchaser in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, or to any potential lenders or investors with whom Purchaser may be dealing in connection with the purchase of the Property, provided that Purchaser shall request that such parties abide by the foregoing confidentiality restrictions. The foregoing restrictions do not apply to information in the public domain as a result of lawful disclosure, or if disclosure is required under applicable laws, including, without limitation, governmental regulatory, disclosures, tax and reporting requirements.
The Company will have the right at all times to assign any of its rights or obligations under this Indenture to a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, provided that, in the event of any such assignment, the Company will remain liable for all such obligations. Subject to the foregoing, this Indenture is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Indenture may not otherwise be assigned by the parties hereto.
No Member shall create any Liens on all or any portion of its Units. No Member shall Transfer all or any portion of its Units except as permitted by this Article XI . Any attempted creation of a Lien, or Transfer not in accordance with the terms of this Article XI , on all or any portion of Units shall be null and void and of no legal effect.
For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term “ Lender ” includes any L/C Issuer and the term “ applicable law ” includes FATCA.
If at any time any provision hereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law of any jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect (a) the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this agreement, or (b) the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction.
The U.S. Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done, all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and its material rights, franchises, licenses, permits, copyrights, trademarks and patents; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 7.4 shall prevent (i) sales of assets and other transactions by the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with Section 8.2 or (ii) the withdrawal by the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of its qualification as a foreign Company in any jurisdiction if such withdrawal could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Appendix 1 to the 2016-2 Exchange Note Supplement or, if not defined therein, in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement.
Date (after giving effect to the incurrence of Loans on such date).
Each Borrowing Subsidiary is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Parent, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of which are owned by the Parent and/or one or more of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries (other than, in the case of any Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States, with respect to any directors’ qualifying shares required by the laws of the jurisdiction where such Subsidiary is organized).
To induce Buyer to purchase the Sold Receivables and to acquire the Contributed Receivables, each Transaction Party, as applicable, makes the following representations and warranties to Buyer as of the Closing Date and, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided below, as of each Transfer Date, each of which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including, without limitation, as provided in Article X ), each of the Sellers and the Purchaser will pay its own costs and expenses in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement shall be binding on the successors of each party and the transferee allowed by each Party.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be given in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.1 of the Purchase Agreement to Mortgagor and to Mortgagee as specified therein.
The provisions of this agreement are severable. If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
Prior to the commencement of its operational activities, TOTAL shall acquire, and thereafter maintain, product liability insurance and general commercial liability insurance, to the extent, in amounts and from carriers with quality ratings not lower than industry standards for a similarly situated company, during the Term and thereafter for so long as TOTAL is exercising its license rights granted hereunder and including with respect to TOTAL’s facilities used in conducting such activities. TOTAL shall provide to AMYRIS a certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage upon request.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement in accordance with its terms and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) violate any applicable law or regulation, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under the articles or certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Borrowing Company or under any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Borrowing Company is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound, or (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any lien upon or with respect to any property now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrowing Company.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Second Amendment, and the performance of the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene any of its Organizational Documents or any Applicable Law in any material respect or any material Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties.
Your rights in respect of the Options are conditioned on the receipt to the full satisfaction of the Committee of any required consents that the Committee may determine to be necessary or advisable (including, without limitation, your consenting to the Company’s supplying to any third-party record keeper of the Plan such personal information as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan).
Each party is responsible for paying all local, state, federal or foreign taxes, levies or duties of any nature applicable to it (" Taxes "). If either party has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which the other party is responsible, the appropriate amount shall be invoiced to and paid by the responsible party, or withheld by the paying or collecting party unless the responsible party provides a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate applicable taxing authority.
This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their perspective successors and assigns, subject to the provisions of the Lease regarding assignment or other transfers of Tenant’s rights under the Lease.
None of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the Company’s knowledge, none of the employees of the Company, is a party to any transaction with the Company or to a transaction contemplated by the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors) that would be required to be disclosed by the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, except as contemplated by the Transaction Documents or set forth in the Company’s SEC Filings.
No Guarantor shall engage in any transaction, other than a transaction contemplated hereunder, which would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by Lender of any of its rights under the Note, the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA.
THIS WAIVER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.
This Award Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements regarding such subject matter.
In the event that, during the Term, (a) the number of issued and outstanding Shares or securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for Shares changes as a result of a reclassification, stock split (including a reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution, recapitalization, merger, issuer tender or exchange offer, or other similar transaction, or (b) the Stockholder shall become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Company Common Stock, then the terms of this Agreement shall apply to the shares of Company Common Stock held by the Stockholder immediately following the effectiveness of the events described in clause (a) or the Stockholder becoming the beneficial owners thereof as described in clause (b), as though, in either case, they were Shares hereunder. In the event that the Stockholder shall become the beneficial owner of any other securities entitling the holder thereof to vote or give consent with respect to the matters set forth in Section 1 , then the terms of Section 1 shall apply to such other securities as though they were Shares hereunder.
This agreement will be construed by and administered under the supervision of the Committee, and all determinations will be final and binding on the Holder.
The Investors (each, a “ Recipient ”) each acknowledge the confidential and proprietary nature of the Evaluation Material (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) and agree that the Evaluation Material will be kept strictly confidential by Recipient and Recipient’s Representatives (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.
Except as to matters regarding the internal affairs of Landlord and issues of or limitations on any personal liability of the shareholders and trustees of Landlord for obligations of Landlord, as to which the laws of the state of Landlord’s organization shall govern, this Guaranty shall be interpreted, construed, applied and enforced in accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts applicable to contracts between residents of Massachusetts which are to be performed entirely within Massachusetts, regardless of (a) where any such instrument is executed or delivered; or (b) where any payment or other performance required by any such instrument is made or required to be made; or (c) where any breach of any provision of any such instrument occurs, or any cause of action otherwise accrues; or (d) where any action or other proceeding is instituted or pending; or (e) the nationality, citizenship, domicile, principal place of business, or jurisdiction of organization or domestication of any party; or (f) whether the laws of the forum jurisdiction otherwise would apply the laws of a jurisdiction other than The Commonwealth of Massachusetts; or (g) any combination of the foregoing.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before April 11, 2016; provided, however, that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
(a)  Schedule 3.08(a) sets forth as of the Closing Date the name and jurisdiction of incorporation, formation or organization of each subsidiary of the Borrower and, as to each such subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Equity Interests owned by the Borrower or by any such subsidiary.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Each Credit Party and each Subsidiary thereof has duly filed or caused to be filed all federal, and all other material state, local and other material tax returns required by Applicable Law to be filed, and has paid, or made adequate provision for the payment of, all material federal, state, local and other taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it and its property, income, profits and assets which are due and payable (other than any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided for on the books of the relevant Credit Party). Such material tax returns accurately reflect in all material respects all liability for taxes of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof for the periods covered thereby. No Governmental Authority has asserted any Lien or other claim against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof with respect to any material unpaid taxes which has not been discharged or resolved (other than (a) any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided for on the books of the relevant Credit Party and (b) Permitted Liens).
No Employee shall have the right to be selected to receive an award under the Plan, or, having been so selected, to be selected to receive a future award. Except as expressly set forth in a Participant’s employment agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, any Actual Awards under the Plan shall not be considered for the purpose of calculating any other benefits to which such Participant may be entitled, including (a) any termination, severance, redundancy or end-of-service payments, (b) other bonuses or long-service awards, (c) overtime premiums, (d) pension or retirement benefits or (e) future Base Salary or any other payment to be made by the Company to such Participant. All Participants expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan. Any Actual Awards granted under the Plan are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of a Participant’s normal or expected compensation.
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 (BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS RELATING TO NATIONAL BANKS).
Holder hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its incorporators, officers, directors, employees and agents, and any of its professional advisors, and any corporation or entity affiliated with the Company, and their officers, directors, employees and agents, and any of their professional advisors, from and against any and all loss, damage, liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) due to or arising out of a breach of any of the representations or warranties contained in this Warrant. This obligation shall survive the termination, expiration or exercise of this Warrant.
(i) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.
The representations and warranties of the Parties set forth in Section 6.1(a) through (e) and 7.1(a) through (e) (collectively, the “ Fundamental Reps ”), together with all of the covenants of the Parties contained herein, shall survive the Closing indefinitely.  The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 6.1(h) , to the extent pertaining to Environmental Laws, shall terminate at Closing, and the remaining representations and warranties of the Parties set forth in this Agreement shall expire and terminate on the date that is nine (9) months after the Closing Date.
This Agreement (including any Schedules hereto) constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled; provided , that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect the rights and obligations of the parties under the Share Exchange Agreement or any Ancillary Document, including the Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit any of the rights or remedies of Purchaser and the DT Representative or any of the obligations of the Restricted Holders under any other agreement between the Restricted Holders and Purchaser or the DT Representative or any certificate or instrument executed by the Restricted Holders in favor of Purchaser or the DT Representative, and nothing in any other agreement, certificate or instrument shall limit any of the rights or remedies of Purchaser or the DT Representative or any of the obligations of the Restricted Holders under this Agreement.
The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to applicable l aw, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
Pursuant to the Company’s customary policies in force at the time of payment, Employee shall be promptly reimbursed, against presentation of vouchers or receipts, for all authorized expenses properly and reasonably incurred by him on behalf of the Company in the performance of his duties hereunder.
The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any clause or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall affect only such clause or provision or part thereof in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such clause or provision in any other jurisdiction or any other clause or provision in this Agreement in any jurisdiction.
If the Executive’s Termination of Employment is by reason of the Executive’s death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive’s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of the Special Termination Amount and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. The Special Termination Amount shall be paid to the Executive’s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 5(b) shall include, and the Executive’s family shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and any of its Affiliated Companies to surviving families of peer executives of the Company and such Affiliated Companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to family death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date (or Change of Control Date, as applicable) or, if more favorable to the Executive and/or the Executive’s family, as in effect on the date of the Executive’s death with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and their families.
Unless the context of their use in this Agreement requires otherwise, the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings when used in initially-capita lized form in this Agreement.
This Note is a valid, legal and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law).
HFOL has kept all books and records since inception and such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“ GAAP ”) consistently applied throughout the periods involved. The balance sheets are true and accurate and present fairly as of their respective dates the financial condition of HFOL.  As of the date of such balance sheets, except as and to the extent reflected or reserved against therein, including but not limited to any previous tax liability HFOL had no liabilities or obligations (absolute or contingent) which should be reflected in the balance sheets or the notes thereto prepared in accordance with GAAP, and all assets reflected therein are properly reported and present fairly the value of the assets of HFOL, in accordance with GAAP. The statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows reflect fairly the information required to be set forth therein by GAAP.
The term of Rodman’s exclusive engagement will begin on the date hereof and end 14 days after the date hereof (the “ Term ”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company agrees that the provisions relating to the payment of fees, reimbursement of expenses, indemnification and contribution, confidentiality, conflicts, independent contractor and waiver of the right to trial by jury will survive any termination of this Agreement. During Rodman’s engagement hereunder: (i) the Company will not, and will not permit its representatives to, other than in coordination with Rodman, contact or solicit institutions, corporations or other entities or individuals as potential purchasers of the Securities and (ii) the Company will not pursue any financing transaction which would be in lieu of a Offering. Furthermore, the Company agrees that during Rodman’s engagement hereunder, all inquiries, whether direct or indirect, from prospective investors will be referred to Rodman and will be deemed to have been contacted by Rodman in connection with an Offering.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their heirs, successors and permitted assigns. As used herein, the singular number includes the plural and the masculine gender includes the feminine and neuter.
This Award may be amended only by a writing executed by the Company and the Participant which specifically states that it is amending this Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Award may be amended solely by the Committee by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Award, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to the Participant, and provided that no such amendment adversely affecting the rights of the Participant hereunder may be made without the Participant’s written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee reserves the right to change, by written notice to the Participant, the provisions of the SARs or this Award in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in Applicable Laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change shall be applicable only to SARs which have not been exercised as provided herein.
All rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement that, by their nature do terminate with the expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The term of the Option is ten years from the Grant Date and will automatically terminate on July 1, 2026, to the extent not exercised, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing from the Borrowing Agent in accordance with Section 2.2(a) , Section 4.2 or Section 5.2 , as applicable.
Company may terminate Employee’s employment hereunder if (i) as a result of Employee’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Employee shall have been absent from his duties hereunder on a full-time basis for an aggregate of one hundred eighty (180) consecutive or non-consecutive business days in any twelve (12) consecutive-month period and (ii) within ten (10) days after written notice of termination hereunder is given by Company, Employee shall not have returned to the performance of his duties hereunder on a full-time basis. The determination of incapacity or disability under the preceding sentence shall be made in good faith by Company based upon information supplied by a physician selected by Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable to Employee or his legal representative. During any period that Employee fails to perform his duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness (the “Disability Period”), Employee shall continue to receive his full Base Salary hereunder until his employment is terminated pursuant to this Section 4.2, provided that amounts payable to Employee shall be reduced by the sum of the amounts, if any, paid to Employee during the Disability Period under any disability benefit plans of Company. If Employee is terminated pursuant to this Section 4.2, Company shall pay or provide to Employee (or his legal representative): (i) Severance, payable as described in Section 4.4.1(c), (ii) the Acceleration Payment, payable as described in Section 4.4.1(a), (iii) Severance Benefits for the Severance Benefit Term, and (iv) all reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by Employee in the performance of his duties hereunder prior to the date of termination due to disability.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender or any Borrower or any Affiliates or Subsidiaries of any Borrower) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans including such Lender’s participations in Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.04(c)  without regard to the existence of any participation.
The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement or in any closing certificate delivered to WPU pursuant hereto shall be true and correct at and as of the date of the Advance (the “ Advance Date ”) as though made at and as of the Advance Date, other than such representations and warranties as are specifically made as of another date.
This Warrant and all rights, obligations and liabilities hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Any and all notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be effective when delivered in person or deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified, and addressed (i) to Fifer, at the address listed therefor on the books and records of the Company, or (ii) to the Company, at the address set forth therefor in the preamble, or to such other address as either Party may specify by notice to the other actually received.
IRCTC may modify any of the terms and conditions contained in this API Agreement, at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a change notice to your account, changing the agreement, emailing the email address of your account or  otherwise notifying you. The changes to this API Agreement will not apply retroactively and will become effective 7 days after posting. However, changes specific to new functionality or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately upon notice. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE IRCTC API, CONTINUED POSSESSION OF A COPY OF THE API SPECIFICATIONS OR CONTINUED DEVELOPMENT OR DISTRIBUTION OF AN API CLIENT FOLLOWING A NOTIFICATION OF A CHANGE AS DESCRIBED ABOVE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGE.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered in several counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall constitute an original, fully enforceable counterpart for all purposes.  In order to expedite the transaction contemplated herein, facsimile or e-mail signatures may be used in place of original signatures on this Agreement. Seller and Purchaser intend to be bound by the signatures on the facsimile or e-mail document (as the case may be), are aware that the other party will rely on such facsimile or e-mail signatures, and hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement based on such form of signature.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred a “ Sale and Leaseback Transaction ”), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after such Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset.
All notices, consents, requests, instructions, approvals or other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and delivered by personal delivery, overnight courier, mail, electronic facsimile or e-mail addressed to the receiving party at the address set forth herein. All such communications shall be effective when received.
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom shall be effective unless in writing signed by Lender and Borrower, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.
Except when telephonic notice is expressly authorized by this Agreement, any notice or other communication to any party in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by manual delivery, facsimile transmission, overnight courier or United States mail (postage prepaid) addressed to such party at the address specified on the signature page hereof, or at such other address as such party shall have specified to the other party hereto in writing. All periods of notice shall be measured from the date of delivery thereof if manually delivered, from the date of sending thereof if sent by facsimile transmission, from the first Banking Day after the date of sending if sent by overnight courier, or from four days after the date of mailing if mailed; provided, however, that any notice to the Bank under Article II shall be deemed to have been given only when received by the Bank.
Buyer hereby adopts and agrees to be bound by, the Confidentiality Agreement with the same force and effect as if Buyer was originally a party thereto and originally subject thereto, and Buyer shall be subject to the same obligations as TH Exploration, LLC. Buyer acknowledges that, by virtue of its right of access to the Files and the Assets hereunder, Buyer will become privy to confidential and other information of Seller and its Affiliates and that such confidential information shall be held confidential by Buyer and Buyer’s Affiliates and its and their respective officers, employees, agents, advisors or representatives in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. If the Closing should occur, the foregoing confidentiality restriction on Buyer, including the Confidentiality Agreement, shall terminate (except as to the Excluded Assets), and Seller shall send a written request to Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co., LLC and any other parties given access to or copies of such confidential information by Tudor, Pickering Holt & Co., LLC, to return or destroy such parties’ copies thereof.
Options shall be exercised by the Participant’s delivery of a written notice of exercise to the Secretary of the Company (or its designee), setting forth the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised, accompanied by full payment for the Shares and payment of any additional amount that the Administrator specifies is necessary for the Company to pay any required withholding taxes in accordance with Section 11.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the “ SEC Reports ”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (“ GAAP ”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included the SEC Reports fairly present the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto.
Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Taxes and other governmental charges are, in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower, adequate.  No Tax Lien has been filed and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claim is being asserted with respect to any such Tax or other such governmental charge.
Each Borrower will, and will cause each of the other Loan Parties to, at any time upon the reasonable request of Agent, execute or deliver to Agent any and all joinder agreements, financing statements, security agreements, pledges, assignments and all other documents (the “ Additional Documents ”) that Agent may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to create, perfect, and continue perfected Agent’s Liens on the Collateral (whether now owned or hereafter arising or acquired, tangible or intangible), and in order to fully consummate all of the transactions contemplated hereby and under the other Loan Documents, subject in all cases to any limitations set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including Section 5.11 ). To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, if any Borrower or any other Loan Party refuses or fails to execute or deliver any reasonably requested Additional Documents within a reasonable period of time following the request to do so, each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby authorizes Agent to execute any such Additional Documents in the applicable Loan Party’s name and authorizes Agent to file such executed Additional Documents in any appropriate filing office. In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the foregoing, each Loan Party shall take such actions as Agent may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guarantied by the Guarantors and are secured by the Collateral of such Loan Parties.
This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors. The rights and benefits under this Agreement are personal to Executive and such rights and benefits shall not be subject to assignment, alienation or transfer, except to the extent such rights and benefits are lawfully available to the estate or beneficiaries of Executive upon death.
You will be eligible to participate in all of MGP Ingredient's medical insurance coverage provided for the benefit for you and your family by group health insurance programs and the existing terms of that program. The Company currently pays 85% of medical and dental premiums. Coverage will commence 90 days from your start date. You will also enjoy a Company paid group life insurance policy and long term disability program. Vacation time will be available to you at the rate of 20 days per year, in accordance with the company's policies for executive officers. All other benefits are outlined in the coworker handbook and a benefit summary will be provided as appropriate under the terms and conditions of those benefits.
THIS THIRD AMENDATORY AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, EXCLUDING THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW (OTHER THAN THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW §5-1401).
This Lease shall become effective (the "Effective Date") upon the approval of the Lessor's lender on the Property and when signed by Lessor and Lessee (if lender's prior approval is required). All of the terms, conditions, covenants, rules and regulations of the Lease (other than the payment of Rent) shall apply as of the Effective Date.
As a material inducement for Lender to enter into this Agreement, the Credit Parties agree to defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless Lender, and its parent companies, Subsidiaries, Affiliates, divisions, and their respective attorneys, officers, directors, agents, shareholders, members, partners, employees, and representatives, and the predecessors, successors, assigns, personal representatives, heirs and executors of each of them (including those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (each, a " Lender Indemnitee " and collectively, the " Lender Indemnitees ") from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, Proceedings, suits, claims, costs, expenses and distributions of any kind or nature (including the disbursements and the reasonable fees of counsel and paralegals for each Lender Indemnitee thereto throughout all trial and appellate levels, bankruptcy Proceedings, mediations, arbitrations, administrative hearings and at all other levels and tribunals), which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against, any Lender Indemnitee (whether direct, indirect or consequential and whether based on any federal, state or local laws or regulations, including securities, Environmental Laws and commercial laws and regulations, under common law or in equity, or based on contract, tort, or otherwise) in any manner relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents, or any act, event or transaction related or attendant thereto, the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Loan Documents, including the making or issuance and management of the Loans, the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Loans, the enforcement of Lender's rights and remedies under this Agreement, the Loan Documents, the Revolving Note, any other instruments and documents delivered hereunder, or under any other agreement between Borrower and Lender. To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify set forth in the preceding sentence may be unenforceable because it violates any law or public policy, the Credit Parties shall satisfy such undertaking to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, cost or expense covered by this indemnity shall be paid to each Lender Indemnitee on demand, and, failing prompt payment, shall, together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date incurred by each Lender Indemnitee until paid by Borrower, be added to the Obligations of Borrower and be secured by the Collateral. The provisions of this Section shall survive the satisfaction and payment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.  The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.
Subject to the other terms and conditions contained in the Certificate and in the Plan, the Restricted Share Units shall vest in four installments of an approximately equal whole number of Restricted Share Units on each of the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the Date of Grant.
The Lenders and each Managing Agent hereby appoint and authorize the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on their behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, including the power and authority to hold and to perfect any ownership interest or security interest created pursuant hereto or in connection herewith on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that exposes it to personal liability or that is contrary to this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or Applicable Law.
The Plan is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan without reference to principles of conflict of laws, except as superseded by ERISA and other applicable federal law.
Each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, diligence, promptness, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against the Borrower, any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other Person.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by each Loan Party party thereto (a) will not contravene such Loan Party’s organizational documents, (b) will not result in any violation of the provisions of any Legal Requirement of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any Loan Party or any of each Loan Party’s properties or assets, (c) with respect to each Loan Party, will not conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, loan agreement, management agreement or other agreement or instrument to which such Loan Party is a party or to, which any of such Loan Party’s property or assets is subject, that would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (d) with respect to each Loan Party, except for Liens created under the Loan Documents, result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the assets of such Loan Party.
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints U.S. Bank to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except as set forth in Section 9.6 , the provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither the Borrower nor of its Subsidiaries shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” (or any other similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
Each party hereto warrants that the person signing below on such party's behalf is authorized to do so and to bind such party to the terms of this Amendment.
The rights and remedies of the Parties are cumulative and not alternative. Neither the failure nor any delay by any Party in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement, or the documents referred to in this Agreement, will operate as a waiver of such right, power, or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power, or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege.
All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent Obligations in respect of unasserted indemnity claims) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf file) in counterparts, and by the Parties in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
During the Term of this Agreement, Mr. Clarkson shall be reimbursed by HCSB for all reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder, and all such reimbursements shall be paid in accordance with the reimbursement policies of HCSB in effect from time to time.
Eagle shall: (i) perform all of its obligations under this Agreement in compliance with all Applicable Laws and the Codes; (ii) instruct its personnel not to, and shall use reasonable efforts consistent with industry practices to ensure that its personnel do not, make any representation, statement, warranty or guaranty, oral or written, with respect to any Product that is inconsistent with the then-current Labeling of such Product, the applicable approved Materials or Applicable Laws; or that is deceptive or misleading in any way; or take any action that disparages or may jeopardize the good name, goodwill or reputation of any of the Products or of Eagle or any of its Affiliates; (iii) maintain and enforce a corporate compliance program consistent with the OIG Compliance Guidance, including maintaining a mechanism for its personnel to report, at any time and anonymously if they choose, any concerns about potential non-compliance with Applicable Laws, Codes or Eagle policies, procedures, standards and practices, and that requires Eagle to promptly and diligently investigate and take appropriate corrective and disciplinary action with regard to any such reports, as applicable; and (iv) promptly notify Spectrum of the substance of, and coordinate with Spectrum regarding, any report described in clause (iii) above relating to a Product or Eagle’s activities under this Agreement that potentially violates Applicable Laws, Codes or Eagle’s compliance policies, procedure, standards and practices.
The Lenders shall indemnify (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and each of its employees, representatives, officers, directors, agents, consultants, counsel, accountants, and advisors (each an “ Administrative Agent Indemnified Person ”) pro rata in accordance with their Commitment Percentages from and against any and all claims, liabilities, investigations, losses, damages, actions, demands, penalties, judgments, suits, investigations, costs, expenses (including fees and expenses of experts, agents, consultants and counsel) and disbursements, in each case, of any kind or nature (whether or not an Administrative Agent Indemnified Person or any such Lender is a party to any such action, suit or investigation) whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against an Administrative Agent Indemnified Person resulting from any breach or alleged breach by the Credit Parties of any representation or warranty made hereunder, or otherwise in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other document contemplated by this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other document contemplated by this Agreement (other than Bank Products Documents), the making, administration or enforcement of the Loan Documents and the Loans or any transaction contemplated hereby or any related matters unless, with respect to any of the above, such Administrative Agent Indemnified Person is determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have acted or failed to act with gross negligence or willful misconduct. This Section 9.10 is for the benefit of each Administrative Agent Indemnified Person and shall not in any way limit the obligations of the Credit Parties under Article 6. The provisions of this Section 9.10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
The Borrower (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdictions of its incorporation, (b) is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation authorized to do business in every jurisdiction where the failure to so qualify would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) has the requisite corporate power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted.
There are no legal actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority against or affecting such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Subordinated Debt Document, the Target Acquisition Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) could reasonably be expected to result in equitable relief or in monetary judgments, individually in excess of $500,000 or in the aggregate, in excess of the Threshold Amount. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order, decree or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of the Loan Documents or the Subordinated Debt Documents.
Executive acknowledges that, while employed by the Company, Executive will occupy a position of trust and confidence. The Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates shall provide Executive with “Confidential Information” as referred to below. Executive shall not, except as may be required to perform Executive’s duties hereunder or as required by applicable law, without limitation in time, communicate, divulge, disseminate, disclose to others or otherwise use, whether directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.
This Pledge Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Pledge Agreement to produce or account for more than one such counterpart executed by the Pledgor against whom enforcement is sought.
Seller hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser as of the Effective Date shall be deemed remade at Closing pursuant to Section 4.2(d). Such representations and warranties are subject to those matters, if any, disclosed in Seller's disclosure statement attached hereto as Schedule 5.1 and made a part hereof by this reference ("Seller's Disclosure Statement").
The representations and warranties of each Purchaser shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time, except for representations and warranties that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date.
(a)          As promptly as possible but in any event within thirty (30) days (or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after any Person becomes a Material Subsidiary, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with written notice thereof setting forth information in reasonable detail describing the material assets of such Person and shall cause each such Material Subsidiary to deliver to the Administrative Agent the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement pursuant to which such Material Subsidiary agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions thereof, such Subsidiary Guaranty and Security Agreement to be accompanied by appropriate corporate resolutions, other corporate documentation and, if requested by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, legal opinions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired; file or suffer to exist under the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction, a financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor (other than an unauthorized financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor so long as such unauthorized financing statement is promptly terminated after the Loan Parties obtain knowledge thereof); sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Liens.
Executive, as one Party to this Section, and Cogentix and the current   and former members of Cogentix’s Board of Directors who are signatories to this Agreement, as the other Party to this Section, agree to refrain from making, causing to be made (directly or indirectly), confirming or expressing agreement with any statement or announcement, whether written or oral or in any electronic medium, that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages or is critical of, personally or professionally, (a) the other Party to this Section, (b) the terms of this Agreement, (c) each Party’s advisors, or (d) any the other Party’s affiliated companies, on or following the date hereof, including but not limited to (i) in any document or report filed with or furnished to (or reasonably expected to be filed with or furnished to) the SEC or any other governmental agency, (ii) in any press release or other publicly available format, (iii) to any stockholder of Cogentix or prospective stockholder of Cogentix, (iv) to any journalist or member of the media (including, without limitation, in a television, radio, newspaper or magazine interview), (v) or otherwise in any written, oral or electronic statement, including but not limited social media. The foregoing shall not prevent the making of any factual statement in any compelled testimony or production of information, either by legal process, subpoena, or as part of a response to a request for information from any governmental authority with jurisdiction over the party from whom information is sought.
If you die, the representative of your estate will, on the relevant Payment Date, be paid the amount or percentage of your Award that would have otherwise been payable pursuant to Paragraph 7, after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. This Agreement may be accepted and/or executed by either party by electronic means, and any electronically accepted or executed document shall be treated as an original document.
The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Term Loans in compliance with Section 5.10 .
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date upon its execution and delivery by all of the parties.
Neither the Borrower nor Pangaea maintains any Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Foreign Pension Plan.
Subordinated Agent represents and warrants that all Subordinated Debt is owing only to, and is solely owned directly and beneficially by, Subordinated Creditors free and clear of all Liens, and that no Subordinated Creditor has previously assigned any interest in any Subordinated Debt. This Agreement may be changed, modified or waived only by a writing signed by Subordinated Agent and Senior Agent. All notices to be given under this Agreement must be in writing and shall be effective only when given at the addresses and to the attention of the Persons stated on the Address Schedule attached hereto, or at such other address or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient has designated after the date hereof in writing to the sending party. No party is obligated to give any other party any notices under this Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. Any communication or notice so addressed and mailed shall be deemed to be given (a) three (3) Business Days after deposit in the United States mails, with proper postage prepaid, (b) when sent after receipt of confirmation or answerback if sent by telecopy, or other similar facsimile transmission, (c) one (1) Business Day after deposited with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid, or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger. This Agreement may be executed and accepted in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original with the same effect as if the signatures were on the same instrument. The delivery of a copy of an executed counterpart of the signature page to this Agreement by telecopier or other electronic means (including by email) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid by reason of the operation of any law or by reason of the interpretation placed thereon by any court or governmental authority, this Agreement shall be construed as not containing such provision and the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of any other provisions hereof, and any and all other provisions hereof that otherwise are lawful and valid shall remain in full force and effect. The provisions of this Agreement shall govern and control in the event of any conflict between any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement and any term, covenant or condition of any Subordinated Notes, any Subordinated Debt Document or any other agreement, instrument or document to which Subordinated Agent or any Subordinated Creditor and any one or more of the Obligors is a party. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall have no legal effect.
The Credit Parties shall keep, and shall cause their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates and attorneys to keep, all financial statements, reports and other proprietary information furnished to them by the Borrower, the Guarantor or their respective Affiliates (hereinafter collectively, the “Information”) confidential and shall not disclose such Information, or cause such Information to be disclosed, to any Person; provided , however , that (i) the Information may be disclosed to any Credit Party’s officers, directors, employees, affiliates, attorneys, partners, investors and other advisors as need to know the Information in connection with the Agent’s or Lenders’ administration of the Liabilities; (ii) the Information may be disclosed to any regulatory or other governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the Agent and Lenders as required in connection with the exercise of their regulatory activity; (iii) the Information may be disclosed to any prospective assignee or participant, who has agreed to be bound by the provisions of this Section 14-17 ; (iv) the Information may be disclosed in connection with the enforcement of the Liabilities by the Agent or any Lender to the extent required in connection therewith; (v) the Information may otherwise be disclosed to the extent required by law; and (vi) to such Credit Party’s financing sources.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, “Information” shall not include, and each Credit Party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of the Agent and each Lender) may disclose to any and all Persons without limitation of any kind, any information with respect to the “tax treatment” and “tax structure” (in each case, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4) of the transactions contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including options or other tax analyses) that are provided to any Credit Party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any Credit Party) relating to such tax treatment and tax structure; provided , that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning the tax treatment or tax structure of the transaction as well as other information, this sentence shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to the tax treatment or tax structure of the Revolving Credit, the Term Loan Facility and other transactions contemplated hereby.
The confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-use obligations set forth in Article 8 of the Master Collaboration Agreement, including each Party’s rights and obligations with respect to publicity and publications set forth in Sections 8.6 and 8.7.2 of the Master Collaboration Agreement, shall apply to the Parties’ performance of all activities under this License Agreement.
The parties agree that this Agreement shall be construed as if the parties jointly prepared it so that any uncertainty or ambiguity shall not be interpreted against any one party and in favor of the other.
Reference is made to the final prospectus of the Parent, dated August 12, 2015 (the “ Prospectus ”). The Company has read the Prospectus and understands that the Parent has established the Trust Account for the benefit of the public stockholders of the Parent and the underwriters of the IPO pursuant to the Trust Agreement and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Parent may disburse monies from the Trust Account only for the purposes set forth in the Trust Agreement. For and in consideration of the Parent agreeing to enter into this Agreement, the Company hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and hereby agrees that it will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Purchaser.
To Seller’s knowledge, without investigation, Seller has heretofore delivered to Buyer (or will make available to Buyer as part of the Documents) true complete copies of all Approvals secured by Seller. Seller has not received any currently effective notice in writing of any uncured material breach or default under any of the Approvals.
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given (a) with respect to the Company or any other Grantor, at the address for the giving of notice to the Company then in effect under the Credit Agreement, and (b) with respect to the Administrative Agent or a Lender, at the Administrative Agent’s address indicated in Schedule 10.02 of the Credit Agreement. All such addresses may be modified, and all such notices shall be given and shall be effective, as provided in Schedule 10.02 of the Credit Agreement for the giving and effectiveness of notices and modifications of addresses thereunder.
The Originator and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Laws applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company is not responsible for any of the Consultant’s travel, entertainment and other out-of-pocket costs.
The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.10 , on the date of each termination or reduction of the Revolving Committed Amount, the Commitment Fee accrued through the date of such termination or reduction on the amount of the Revolving Committed Amount so terminated or reduced.
As of the Closing Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are, and after giving effect to the incurrence of all Loans and Obligations being incurred in connection herewith will be, Solvent.
Each holder of Registrable Securities will take all necessary or desirable action in connection with the consummation of any Piggyback Registration. including (a) agreeing to sell such Person’s securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Board; (b) completing and executing all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements; and (c) providing in writing such information and affidavits as requested by the Board in connection with any registration statement or prospectus relating to such offering.
Except as otherwise provided in any Employment Agreement (as defined in Section 14 hereof) or determined by the Committee in its sole discretion or provided in Section 4, 5, 6 or 7 hereof, the Shares shall vest and the Restrictions shall lapse and thereby terminate and be of no further force or effect on the third anniversary of the Award Date (the “ Vesting Date ”) provided that you are continuously employed by the Company through such Vesting Date.
The Subscriber understands and agrees that this Subscription Agreement is not binding upon the Company until the other terms and conditions have been met, including the Offering Amount having been obtained, and the Company accepts the subscription, which acceptance is at the sole discretion of the Company and is to be evidenced by the Company’s completion, execution and delivery of this Agreement.
This 2016-A Servicing Supplement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to any otherwise applicable principles of conflict of laws.
Executive shall render on a full-time basis all of his business time and attention to business of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “ Company Group ”). Executive will have such authority and responsibilities and will perform such duties assigned to the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer by the CEO, commensurate with his position as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. If requested by the CEO, Executive will also serve as an officer or director of another member of the Company Group for no additional consideration. The principal place of Executive’s employment shall be Eagan, Minnesota, except that Executive acknowledges and agrees that he will be required to travel for business purposes.
The rules of construction set forth in Section 1.02 of the Credit Agreement shall be applicable to this Mortgage mutatis mutandis .
Each of Borrower and each Material Subsidiary owns or has the lawful right to use all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business, without conflict with any rights of others, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending or, to Borrower’s or any Borrowing Base Guarantor’s knowledge, threatened Intellectual Property Claim with respect to Borrower, any Material Subsidiary or any of their Property (including any Intellectual Property) except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed on Schedule 9.1.12 , neither Borrower, any Borrowing Base Guarantor, nor any other Material Subsidiary as of the date hereof pays or owes any Royalty or other compensation to any Person with respect to any Intellectual Property. All material Intellectual Property owned, used or licensed by, or otherwise subject to any interests of, Borrower or any Subsidiary as of the date hereof is shown on Schedule 9.1.12 . As of the date hereof, the manufacturing, marketing, distribution or disposition of Inventory is not subject to any Licenses (except ordinary course software Licenses).
The representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall terminate upon the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Closing Date, except for the Fundamental Representations, which shall survive as follows: the representations and warranties in Section 3.10 (Tax Matters), Section 3.11 (Environmental Matters), and Section 3.14 (Employee Benefits) shall survive until sixty (60) days following the expiration of the statute of limitations applicable thereto (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof) and all other Fundamental Representations shall survive in perpetuity.
Company agrees to pay to Ms. Simonet $11,111.11 per calendar month (or portion thereof) during the Consulting Period for the performance of Services, which payment will be made no later than the tenth day of the calendar month following the calendar month during which Ms. Simonet performed Services under this Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of Ms. Simonet’s outstanding equity awards under the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, Ms. Simonet will continue to vest in such outstanding equity awards during the Agreement Term, including, without limitation, the Consulting Period. For the avoidance of doubt, no pro rata portion of this amount shall be made for any partial months of Service during the Consulting Period.
Seller shall not enter into any new service contracts or other similar agreements affecting the Property that will be binding on Buyer without the prior consent of Buyer (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Buyer’s failure to approve or disapprove such service contracts within three (3) business days after Buyer’s receipt of Seller’s written request for such approval shall be deemed approval of the same. With respect to the Unilateral Agreement and Declaration (regarding off-site parking), Seller shall advise Buyer of any changes to the form attached hereto as Schedule 6(E)(2) requested by the County of Maui and Buyer shall have the right to review and approve such changes before Seller executes and delivers such Agreement to the County of Maui.
All the Loan Parties’ obligations under this Article 3 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.
During Executive's employment and after Executive's employment with the Company terminates, the Company may, upon receiving Executive's prior written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, use Executive's image, likeness, voice or other characteristics in the Company's products or services.  Executive shall release the Company from any causes of action that Executive may have arising out of the use, distribution, adaptation, reproduction, broadcast or exhibition of such characteristics, provided that the Company obtains Executive's prior written consent as described herein.
THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 18 SHALL SURVIVE THE CLOSE OF ESCROW AND ANY TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
Each Loan Party has (a) not entered into the transaction contemplated by this Agreement nor executed any Loan Document with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any creditor and (b) received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its obligations under the Loan Documents.  After giving effect to the Loans, each Loan Party is Solvent.  No petition in bankruptcy has been filed against any Loan Party in the last seven (7) years, and no Loan Party in the last seven (7) years has made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or taken advantage of any insolvency act for the benefit of debtors.  No Loan Party is contemplating either the filing of a petition by it under any state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency laws or the liquidation of all or a major portion of such Person’s assets or property, and to the actual knowledge of any Loan Party, no Person is contemplating the filing of any such petition against any Loan Party.
This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender that such Lender has executed it.
All questions concerning the governing law, construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of and disputes regarding this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally, or by electronic delivery in PDF format (followed by first-class mail), or seventy-two (72) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the party to be notified at such party's address as set forth below or as subsequently modified by written notice.
This Agreement and all rights hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of South Carolina, except to the extent governed by the laws of the United States of America in which case federal laws shall govern. The parties agree that any appropriate state court located in South Carolina or federal court for the District of South Carolina shall have exclusive jurisdiction of any case or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be a proper forum in which to adjudicate such case or controversy. The parties consent and waive any objection to the jurisdiction or venue of such courts.
Neither Party may issue a press release or refer to the other Party publicly without such Party’s prior consent, which may not be unreasonably withheld.  The foregoing excludes any disclosure required under applicable law or regulation, including Securities and Exchange Commission regulation, or by any governmental agency, in which case the Party required to make the press release or public disclosure shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the approval of the other Party as to the form, nature and extent of the press release or public disclosure prior to issuing the press release or making the public disclosure.
All notices required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made if (i) delivered personally, (ii) transmitted by first class registered or certified United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) sent by prepaid overnight courier service, or (iv) sent by telecopy or facsimile transmission, answer back requested, to the person who is to receive it at the address that such person has theretofore specified by written notice delivered in accordance herewith. Such notices shall be effective (i) if delivered personally or sent by courier service, upon actual receipt by the intended recipient, (ii) if mailed, upon the earlier of five days after deposit in the mail or the date of delivery as shown by the return receipt therefor, or (iii) if sent by telecopy or facsimile transmission, when the answer back is received. The Company or Director may change, at any time and from time to time, by written notice to the other, the address that the Company or Director had theretofore specified for receiving notices. Until such address is changed in accordance herewith, notices under this Agreement shall be delivered or sent (i) to Director at Director’s address as set forth in the records of the Company, or (ii) to the Company at the principal executive offices of the Company clearly marked “Attention: Lee Robison”.
THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by facsimile and .pdf format), each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
The Agreement, together with the Appendices and Schedules, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject-matter hereof and supersedes any and all written or oral prior agreements and understandings between the parties.  No terms or conditions of either party’s invoice, purchase order or other administrative document (unless signed by authorized representatives of both parties and expressly referencing that it amends this Agreement) will be effective as a modification of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or a Schedule, regardless of the other party’s failure to object to such form.
The Borrower, the Agent and Lenders hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any United States Federal Court or Michigan state court sitting in Detroit, Michigan in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents and the Borrower, Agent and Lenders hereby irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such United States Federal Court or Michigan state court. Borrower irrevocably consents to the service of any and all process in any such action or proceeding brought in any court in or of the State of Michigan by the delivery of copies of such process to it at the applicable addresses specified on the signature page hereto or by certified mail directed to such address or such other address as may be designated by it in a notice to the other parties that complies as to delivery with the terms of Section 11.6. Nothing in this Section shall affect the right of the Lenders and the Agent to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or limit the right of the Lenders or the Agent (or any of them) to bring any such action or proceeding against any Credit Party or any of their property in the courts with subject matter jurisdiction of any other jurisdiction. Borrower irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such suit or proceeding in the above described courts.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Company and its successors and assigns, and upon any person acquiring, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise, all or substantially all of the Company’s assets and business. If any benefits deliverable to Executive under this Agreement have not been delivered at the time of Executive’s death, such benefits shall be delivered to the beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by Executive in a writing filed with the Company in such form and at such time as the Company shall require. If Executive fails to designate a beneficiary, or if the designated beneficiary does not survive Executive, any benefits distributable to Executive shall be distributed to the legal representative of the estate of Executive.
No covenant, term or condition of this Agreement, other than as expressly set forth herein, shall be deemed to have been waived by Seller or Buyer unless such waiver is in writing and executed by Seller or Buyer, as the case may be.
In the event of (i) any dividend (other than regular cash dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event that affects the shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, a Change in Control); or (ii) unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) affecting the Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate, or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements of any governmental body or securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, accounting principles or law, such that in either case an adjustment is determined by the Committee in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate, then the Committee shall make any such proportionate substitution or adjustment, if any, as it deems equitable, including without limitation, adjusting any or all of (A) the Absolute Share Limit, or any other limit applicable under the Plan with respect to the number of Awards which may be granted hereunder; (B) the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) which may be issued in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, without limitation, adjusting any or all of the limitations under Section 5 of the Plan) or any Sub-Plan; and (C) the terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (I) the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate; (II) the Exercise Price or Strike Price with respect to any Award; or (III) any applicable performance measures (including, without limitation, Performance Criteria and Performance Goals); provided , that in the case of any “equity restructuring” (within the meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor pronouncement thereto)), the Committee shall make an equitable or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect such equity restructuring. Any adjustment under this Section 12 shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes.
(a) The Company hereby agrees to employ the Employee, and the Employee hereby agrees to accept such employment with the Company, beginning on June 18, 2012 and continuing for the period set forth in Section 2 hereof, all upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
If the Company terminates the Executive’s employment during the Employment Period because of the Executive’s Disability, the Company shall pay to the Executive within thirty (30) days following the Date of Termination any accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the Date of Termination. All other unpaid amounts, if any, which the Executive has accrued and is entitled to as of the Date of Termination in connection with any fringe benefits or under any bonus or incentive compensation plan or program of the Company pursuant to Section 5  shall be paid in accordance with the terms of such arrangements. In addition, if the Company terminates the Executive’s employment during the Employment Period because of the Executive’s Disability, then all equity-based awards granted by the Company that are outstanding and unvested on the Date of Termination shall become fully vested on the Date of Termination, and the Executive shall be entitled to the COBRA payments provided under Section 8.6(b) . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Company shall have no further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement or otherwise (other than pursuant to any employee benefit plan and any disability or other medical insurance policy for the benefit of the Executive).
Each related Mortgaged Property is, and is required pursuant to the related Mortgage to be, insured by a property insurance policy providing coverage for loss in accordance with coverage found under a “ special cause of loss form ” or “ all risk form ” that includes replacement cost valuation issued by an insurer meeting the requirements of the related Mortgage Loan Documents and having a claims-paying or financial strength rating of any one of the following: (i) at least “ A-:VIII ” from A.M. Best Company, (ii) at least “ A3 ” (or the equivalent) from Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or (iii) at least “ A- ” from Standard & Poor's Ratings Services (collectively the “ Insurance  Rating Requirements ” ), in an amount (subject to a customary deductible) not less than the lesser of (1) the original principal balance of the Mortgage Loan and (2) the full insurable value on a replacement cost basis of the improvements, furniture, furnishings, fixtures and equipment owned by the borrower and included in the Mortgaged Property (with no deduction for physical depreciation), but, in any event, not less than the amount necessary or containing such endorsements as are necessary to avoid the operation of any coinsurance provisions with respect to the related Mortgaged Property.
Except as set forth on Schedule 9 attached hereto and made a part hereof, Schedule 9 to the Prior Perfection Certificate sets forth a true and correct list of all duly authorized, issued and outstanding types of stock or membership interests of the Borrowers and each other Credit Party (other than the Parent Guarantor) and their Subsidiaries and the record and beneficial ownership of such stock or membership interests setting forth the percentage of such equity interests pledged under the Credit Agreement, the Pledge Agreements and/or the Security Agreements.  In addition, except as set forth on Schedule 9 attached hereto and made a part hereof, Schedule 9 to the Prior Perfection Certificate sets forth a list of each equity investment of the Borrower and each other Credit Party that represents 50% or less of the equity investment of the entity in which such investment was made setting forth the percentage of such equity interests pledged under the Credit Agreement, the Pledge Agreements and/or the Security Agreements.
No waiver or modification of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, or limitation herein contained shall be valid unless in writing and duly executed by the parties to be charged therewith.
This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of you or the Company.
This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby, the relationship of the parties hereunder, or the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the parties, whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal Laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made in that state, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated will be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof.  The remaining provisions will continue to be valid and fully enforceable.
The compensation and benefits specified in this Section 3 and in Section 5 of this Agreement shall be in lieu of any and all other compensation and benefits, except compensation that Executive will receive in connection with her role as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of vTv.  Payment of all compensation and benefits to Executive specified in this Section 3 and in Section 5 of this Agreement (i) shall be made in accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to time to the extent the same are consistently applied, including normal payroll practices, and (ii) shall be subject to all legally required and customary withholdings.
Other than the Placement Agents, no Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or an Investor for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company. No Investor shall have any obligation with respect to any fees, or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees, in each case of the type contemplated by this Section 4.22 that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Transaction Documents.
If the Executive shall be disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive’s then-existing position or positions under this Agreement, with or without reasonable accommodation, the Board of Directors may remove the Executive from any responsibilities and/or reassign the Executive to another position with the Employer for the remainder of the Term or during the period of such disability. Notwithstanding any such removal or reassignment, the Executive shall continue to receive the Executive’s full Salary (less any disability pay or sick pay benefits to which the Executive may be entitled under the Employer’s policies) and benefits under Section 4 of this Agreement (except to the extent that the Executive may be ineligible for one or more such benefits under applicable plan terms) for a period of time equal to the period set forth in Section 7(b)(i) below. If any question shall arise as to whether during any period the Executive is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive’s then existing position or positions with or without reasonable accommodation, the Executive may, and at the request of the Employer shall, submit to the Employer a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Employer (to whom the Executive or the Executive’s guardian has no reasonable objection) as to whether the Executive is so disabled or how long such disability is expected to continue, and such certification shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue. The Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification. If such question shall arise and the Executive shall fail to submit such certification, the Employer’s determination of such issue shall be binding on the Executive. Nothing in this Section 6(e) shall be construed to waive the Executive’s rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U .S.C. §2601I et seq . and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. §121OJ et seq .
No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or an Investor for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of such Investor.
THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT IRREPARABLE DAMAGE WOULD OCCUR IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT WERE NOT PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS SPECIFIC INTENT OR WERE OTHERWISE BREACHED. IT IS ACCORDINGLY AGREED THAT THE PARTIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO AN INJUNCTION OR INJUNCTIONS, WITHOUT BOND, TO PREVENT OR CURE BREACHES OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND TO ENFORCE SPECIFICALLY THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS HEREOF, THIS BEING IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER REMEDY TO WHICH THEY MAY BE ENTITLED BY LAW OR EQUITY, AND ANY PARTY SUED FOR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY DEFENSE THAT A REMEDY IN DAMAGES WOULD BE ADEQUATE.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
The Company and its ownership and operation of its business are in compliance with all applicable Laws in all material respects.  The Company has no Knowledge of any changes to its business nor in any regulations, licensing requirements or orders to which the Company or any of the Company’s Employees (because of their activities on behalf of their employer) are subject that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and each of which shall together constitute one and the same agreement.  This Agreement will not become enforceable until executed by the Company and following the expiration of the revocation period.
The language used in this Agreement will be construed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against either party.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or reported on a Form 3, 4 or 5 filed with the Commission, in either case at least ten days prior to the date hereof, none of the executive officers, directors or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for ordinary course services as employees or directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any such officer, director or employee or, to the Company’s Knowledge, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any such officer, director, or employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.
This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the other documents delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including the Warrant, Series A Certificate of Designations, Registration Rights Agreements, and Term Sheet, each as defined therein), constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to the subjects of this Agreement and such other agreements and documents.
The “Effective Date” of the Plan shall be October 27, 2016. The “Plan Year” shall be the 12-consecutive month period beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31; provided, however, that, the first Plan Year shall be a short Plan Year beginning on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2016.
Assignor does hereby sell, assign, transfer and set over to Assignee all of Assignor’s right, title and interest as “Landlord” under the Leases, and Assignee hereby assumes all of Assignor’s duties and obligations as “Landlord” under the Leases arising on and after the Effective Date.
Sublessor will lease the Aircraft to Sublessee for a term of 36 months commencing __________, 20__ and terminating on __________, 20__, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 2 below (the “ Term ”), provided that Sublessor will have the option to renew this Sublease for one two-year term and, in the event Sublessor elects to exercise such renewal option, the Term will continue until __________, 20__.
In case any provision in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from the remainder of such contract and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of Iowa without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
Employee agrees to refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of any of the Releasees, and agrees to refrain from any tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of any of the Releasees. Employee shall direct any inquiries by potential future employers to the Company’s human resources department and A10 agrees to a neutral employment reference, and upon inquiry, the Company shall provide only Employee’s job title, dates of employment, and if authorized by employee in writing, his salary information.
At the Closing upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, (a) Purchaser shall purchase from the Sellers, and one or more of their direct or indirect Subsidiaries, and the Sellers shall, or shall cause one or more of their direct or indirect Subsidiaries to, as applicable, sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Purchaser, the Transferred Assets, and (b) the Sellers shall, or shall cause one or more of their direct or indirect Subsidiaries, as applicable, to assign, and Purchaser shall assume and become responsible for paying, performing and discharging, the Assumed Liabilities.
This Sixth Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto were upon the same instrument. If any signature to this Sixth Amendment is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a portable document format (.pdf or similar format) data file, then such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf’ signature page were an original thereof. This Sixth Amendment shall become effective when both Sublandlord and Subtenant have received a counterpart hereof signed by the other.
Each Bank appoints and designates AgStar Financial Services, PCA as Agent hereunder. The Agent may, and each Bank authorizes Agent to, enter into all Loan Documents to which Agent is intended to be a party and accept all Security Interest, for Agent's benefit and the pro rata benefit of Banks. Each Bank agrees that any action taken by Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, and the exercise by Agent of any rights or remedies set forth therein, together with all other powers reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized by and binding upon all Banks. Each Bank hereby further appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and on behalf of each of its Affiliates who are owed Loan Obligations (each such Affiliate by acceptance of the benefits of the Loan Documents hereby ratifying such appointment) and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection of the Notes), the Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Banks; provided, however, that the Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes the Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law.
In the event that the Administrative Agent desires to exercise any remedies, voting or consensual rights or attorney-in-fact powers set forth in this Agreement and reasonably determines it necessary to obtain any approvals or consents of any Governmental Authority or any other person therefor, then, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, such Grantor agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist and aid the Administrative Agent to obtain as soon as practicable any necessary approvals or consents for the exercise of any such remedies, rights and powers.
This instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes in its entirety any and all prior agreements, understandings or representations relating to the subject matter hereof[, including without limitation, the Prior Agreement, which shall terminate as of the Effective Date].
Each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries possesses all franchises, licenses and permits, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, and rights in respect of the foregoing, material and necessary to the conduct of its business without known conflict with any rights of others.
The Member and each person who is or has agreed to become an Officer of the Company, or each such person who serves or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director or officer of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including the heirs, executors, administrators or estate of such person), shall be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the Act or any other applicable laws as now or hereafter in effect. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 11 shall include the right to be paid by the Company the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, the Company may enter into one or more agreements with any person which provide for indemnification greater or different than that provided in this Section 11. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this indemnity shall not apply to actions brought or threatened by an Officer or which constitute simple negligence (except as provided in the succeeding sentence), gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith, or involving a breach of this Agreement. This indemnity shall apply to actions constituting simple negligence, but only to the extent that the Company actually receives payment of the proceeds of insurance covering the liability of the Company for such negligence. The Company may purchase and maintain insurance to protect itself, the Member and any Officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such party under this Section 11. This indemnification obligation shall be limited to the assets of Company and no Member shall be required to make a capital contribution in respect thereof.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent, Borrower Holdco and the Borrower and constitutes, and each other Loan Document when executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to (a) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (b) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (c) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing and (d) any foreign laws, rules and regulations as they relate to pledges of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. Facsimile copies shall be deemed to be originals of the original executed document.
This Supplemental Indenture, together with the Indenture, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Seller shall notify Purchaser prior to Closing of all Known Preferential Rights and Consents that have not been waived or granted, as applicable, or that have been exercised in the case of preferential rights to purchase, and the Assets to which they pertain. In no event shall there be included in the Conveyances at Closing any Asset subject to an unsatisfied consent requirement that would be triggered by the purchase and sale of Assets contemplated by this Agreement and provides that transfer of the Asset without consent will result in (i) a termination or other material impairment of any existing rights in relation to such Asset, or (ii) the payment of liquidated damages absent the consent (such consent requirement, a “ Consent Requirement ”); provided that any consent requirement that by its terms may not be unreasonably withheld shall not be considered a Consent Requirement. In cases where the Asset subject to a Consent Requirement is a Contract and Purchaser is assigned the Properties to which the Contract relates, but the Contract is not transferred to Purchaser due to the unwaived Consent Requirement, Seller shall continue after Closing to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the applicable consent so that Seller’s right, title and interest in such Contract can be transferred to Purchaser upon the receipt of such consent. In cases where the Asset subject to a Consent Requirement is a Property and the third Person consent to the sale and transfer of such Property is not obtained on or prior to the Closing Date, Purchaser may elect to treat the unsatisfied Consent Requirement as a Title Defect by giving Seller notice thereof in accordance with Section 3.4(a) , except that such notice may be given on or prior to the Closing Date; provided, however , the Title Defect Amount for such Property may not be used in meeting the Title Defect Deductible, and Seller may elect to cure such unsatisfied Consent Requirement under Section 3.4(c) , in which event the provisions of Section 3.4(c) shall apply, provided further that the affected Asset shall be excluded from the Assets for purposes of Closing until the Consent Requirement is waived or satisfied (unless otherwise agreed by Seller and Purchaser). In cases where an Asset is subject to a third Person consent requirement that is not a Consent Requirement, the Asset shall be included in the Assets at Closing (unless excluded pursuant to the other provisions of this Agreement) and Purchaser shall be responsible after Closing for satisfying such consent requirement at its sole cost, risk and expense, to the extent the applicable consent was not obtained or waived on or prior to Closing. If an unsatisfied Consent Requirement for which a Purchase Price adjustment is made at Closing is subsequently satisfied prior to the date of the final determination of the Final Settlement Statement (the “ Final Settlement Date ”), Seller shall receive an additional upward adjustment to the Purchase Price in the Final Settlement Statement equal to the amount of the previous reduction in the Purchase Price on account of the Consent Requirement and the provisions of this Section 3.5 shall no longer apply except for the assignment made under the next sentence. Within five (5) Business Days of the satisfaction of any Consent Requirement that was unsatisfied at Closing, but prior to the Final Settlement Date, but was subsequently satisfied after Closing, Seller shall assign to Purchaser using substantially the same form as the Conveyance, to the extent previously unassigned, each Property subject to such Consent Requirement and, to the extent not previously included in the adjustments to the Purchase Price at Closing, the Parties shall account to one another under Section 2.2 and Section 2.3 .
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) at prices and on terms and conditions not materially less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (c) transactions in connection with the agreements set forth on Schedule 6.05.
Notices hereunder must be in writing, delivered personally or sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company must be addressed to CommScope Holding Company, Inc., 1100 CommScope Place, SE, Hickory, North Carolina 28602, Attn: Corporate Secretary, or any other address designated by the Company in a written notice to Optionee. Notices to Optionee will be directed to the address of Optionee then currently on file with the Company, or at any other address given by Optionee in a written notice to the Company.
This Guaranty shall not terminate until such time, if any, as (i) all Obligations shall be finally and irrevocably paid in full in cash, (ii) no Notes shall remain outstanding, (iii) all commitments to lend under the Purchase Agreement shall have terminated and (iv) there shall exist no other outstanding payment or reimbursement obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claims shall have been asserted) of the Borrower or the Guarantors to the Agent under any of the Transaction Documents. Thereafter, but subject to the following, Agent, on its behalf and as agent for Purchasers, shall take such action and execute such documents as the Guarantors may request (and at the Guarantors’ cost and expense) in order to evidence the termination of this Guaranty. Payment of all of the Obligations the owing from time to time shall not operate as a discontinuance of this Guaranty. Each Guarantor further agrees that, to the extent that any Company makes a payment or payments to Purchasers or Agent on the Obligations, or Purchasers or Agent receive any proceeds of collateral securing the Obligations or any other payments with respect to the Obligations, which payment or receipt of proceeds or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be returned or repaid to any Company, its estate, trustee, receiver, debtor in possession or any other person or entity, including, without limitation, the Guarantors, under any insolvency or bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of such payment, return or repayment, the obligation or part thereof which has been paid, reduced or satisfied by such amount shall be reinstated and continued in full force and effect as of the date when such initial payment, reduction or satisfaction occurred, and this Guaranty shall continue in full force notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by any Purchaser or Agent in reliance upon such payment, and any such contrary action so taken shall be without prejudice to any Purchaser’s or Agent’s rights under this Guaranty and shall be deemed to have been conditioned upon such payment having become final and irrevocable.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the proceeds from the sale of Shares net of expenses shall be used to fund all or a portion of the purchase price under the PHMD APA.
The provisions of this Article 8 shall survive the PE Unit Closing and termination of this Agreement.
The Severance Benefit hereunder shall be reduced by all applicable income, employment or other taxes withheld by the Company from such payment.
Before and after giving effect to the making of each Advance and the issuance or increase of each Letter of Credit, in each case, after the Effective Date, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are, when taken as a whole, Solvent.
(a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17 ) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
Adjustments under this Section 12 related to stock or securities of the Company shall be made by the Administrator, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding, and conclusive.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it will be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, to achieve the intent of the parties. All other provisions of this Agreement will be deemed valid and enforceable to the extent possible.
All headings are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpreting any text to which they relate.
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.
In the event of the occurrence of a Change in Control, 100% of the then unvested portion of the Options granted hereunder and not previously forfeited shall immediately become fully vested and non-forfeitable, provided that the Participant remains in Service on the date of consummation of the Change in Control.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Members, and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. There shall be no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at FCRE’s offices at 60 Broad Street, 34th Floor, New York, NY, or such other location in Manhattan which is mutually agreeable to the Parties, on the date of the execution of this Agreement if the conditions to closing as set forth in Article V hereof have been met, or the first business day after the conditions to closing as set forth in Section 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof have been met or waived by each of the Parties by notice to each of the other Parties hereto, time being of the essence (the “Closing Date”). The Parties and their representatives may participate in the Closing by electronic means and electronic delivery of signed documents. The Closing shall be deemed to occur as of midnight at the end of the Closing Date.
This Agreement and the other Indenture Documents to which such Grantor is a party constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Grantor, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws of general application relating to the enforcement of creditors’ rights and except to the extent specific remedies may generally be limited by equitable principles.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of successors of the parties hereto. This Agreement and the rights and obligations herein may not be assigned or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by Voce without the express written consent of the Company.
(i) Use the proceeds of the facility created by this Agreement solely for the following purposes: the issuance of the Letter of Credit to support the payment of principal, and interest on the principal amount, or purchase price, of the Bonds and (ii) will not request any Liquidity Advance or the Letter of Credit, and the Applicant shall not use, and shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Liquidity Advance or the Letter of Credit (x) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (y) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activity, business or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States, or (z) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Domestic Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a “ Sale and Leaseback Transaction ”), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after such Borrower or such Domestic Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset.
This Lease Agreement shall be governed by, enforced and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles.
Notwithstanding any termination of this Supplement, Tenant shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, judgments, orders, decrees, actions, proceedings, fines, penalties, costs and expenses, including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees arising from or relating to (a) any loss of life, damage or injury to person, property or business occurring in or from the Premises or the Complex and caused by or in connection with (i) the performance of any of Tenant's obligations under this Supplement with respect to the Premises, Served Systems, Non-Served Systems or Complex AC, or (ii) any violation of the terms of this Supplement, or (iii) any other act or omission of, Tenant, any other occupant of the Premises, or any of their respective agents, employees, contractors or guests, (b) any failure by Tenant to comply with any Rules, Protocols or Laws with respect to Tenant's obligations under this Supplement, or (c) any failure by Tenant to perform any of the agreements, terms, covenants or conditions of this Supplement required to be performed by Tenant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Tenant specifically acknowledges that the indemnity undertaking herein shall apply to claims in connection with or arising out of the transportation, use, storage, maintenance, generation, manufacturing, handling, disposal, release or discharge of any Hazardous Material (whether or not any of such matters shall have been theretofore approved by Landlord). In case Landlord, its agents or employees, shall be made a party to any litigation commenced by or against Tenant, then Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold them harmless and shall pay all costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred or paid by them in connection with such litigation. The obligations assumed herein shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Supplement. The foregoing indemnity shall be in addition to, and shall not be in discharge of or in substitution for, any of the insurance requirements or any other indemnity provisions of this Supplement or the Lease.
No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any Group Member (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) that, after giving effect to any applicable insurance, would be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of the Note shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded, and (iii) the balance of the Note shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The respective obligations of, and benefits afforded to, the Company and the Employee as provided in Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 11 and 15 of this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Joining Party represents and warrants to Agent that, as of the Effective Date (as defined below), except as disclosed in writing by Joining Party to Agent on or prior to the date hereof and approved by the Agent in writing (which disclosures shall be deemed to amend the Schedules and other disclosures delivered as contemplated in the Credit Agreement), the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects as applied to Joining Party as a Subsidiary Borrower and a Borrower on and as of the Effective Date as though made on that date.  As of the Effective Date, all covenants and agreements in the Loan Documents of the Subsidiary Borrowers are true and correct with respect to Joining Party and no Default or Event of Default shall exist or might exist upon the Effective Date in the event that Joining Party becomes a Subsidiary Borrower.
In the event any party hereto fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or in the event a dispute arises concerning the meaning or interpretation of any provision in this Agreement, the defaulting party or the party not prevailing in such dispute, as the case may be, shall pay any and all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the other party in enforcing or establishing its rights hereunder, including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
Seller and the Guarantor shall preserve and maintain their legal existence and all of their material rights, privileges, material licenses and franchises.
The term of each stock option granted to a Non-Employee Director shall be ten (10) years from the date the option is granted. Upon a Non-Employee Director’s cessation of service on the Board for any reason, his or her options to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock granted under this Program shall remain exercisable for twelve months following the cessation of his or her service on the Board (or such longer period as the Board may determine in its discretion on or after the date of grant of such stock options).
Any notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and personally delivered or sent by a recognized overnight courier service to Employee’s residence as last shown on Employer’s employment records, in the case of Employee, or to Kemper Corporate Services, Inc., Attn: C. Thomas Evans, Jr., Senior Vice President, One East Wacker Drive, Suite 1000, Chicago, Illinois 60601, in the case of Employer.
The Operative Documents to which the Borrower is a party delivered on or prior to the date hereof or the Delivery Date, as the case may be, each constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with the terms thereof except as such may be limited by equitable principles or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including facsimile and email pdf signatures which shall be deemed as original signatures. All executed counterparts shall constitute one agreement, notwithstanding that all signatories are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart.
The General Partner shall be entitled to reimbursement from the Partnership for the General Partner’s operating expenses, overhead and other fees and expenses. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, at the General Partner’s sole discretion, cash distributions may be made to the General Partner (which distributions shall be made without pro rata distributions to the other Partnership Unit Holders) in amounts required for the General Partner to pay (a) operating, administrative and other similar costs incurred by the General Partner, including payments representing interest with respect to payments not made when due under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreements and payments pursuant to any legal, tax, accounting and other professional fees and expenses, (b) any judgments, settlements, penalties, fines or other costs and expenses in respect of any claims against, or any litigation or proceedings involving, the General Partner, (c) fees and expenses related to any securities offering, investment or acquisition transaction (whether or not successful) authorized by the board of directors of the General Partner and (d) other fees and expenses in connection with the maintenance of the existence of the General Partner (including any costs or expenses associated with being a public company listed on a national securities exchange). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any distributions made to the General Partner pursuant to this Section 9.6 shall be in addition to any distributions the General Partner is otherwise entitled to as a Partnership Unit Holder and shall create no obligation for the Partnership to make any additional distribution to the Limited Partners.
The audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as at January 30, 2016, and the related audited consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal year, reported on by and accompanied by a report from the Loan Parties’ independent auditors, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Borrower as at such date and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower for the fiscal year then ended.
Executive shall serve as Chief Operating Officer, U.S. of the Company, and shall perform such duties consistent with his position as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (“CEO”) or the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”). Executive shall perform his duties hereunder at the Company’s corporate offices at 400 Perimeter Center Terrace, Suite 1000, Atlanta, Georgia, 30346, subject to such reasonable amount of travel as is necessary to render the services provided hereunder.
This Security Agreement is made for the sole and exclusive benefit of Pledgor and Secured Party and is not intended to benefit any third party. No such third party may claim any right or benefit or seek to enforce any term or provision of this Security Agreement.
Expiration or early termination of this Agreement shall not relieve either Party of its obligations incurred prior to expiration or early termination. The obligations under Sections 4.13, 5.6, 6.2 (first paragraph), 6.4(c), 6.4(d), 10.5, 10.6 and 11.7,  and Articles 7, 8, 9 and 11 of this Agreement, shall survive expiration or early termination of this Agreement or of any extensions thereof for a period of five (5) years.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any of the provisions of this Agreement, Executive hereby consents and agrees that Employer shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damage or other available forms of relief.
None of the purchase by the Purchaser of the Purchased Units, the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Purchaser or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (i) constitutes or will constitute a violation of the organizational documents of the Purchaser, (ii) constitutes or will constitute a breach or violation of, or a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default) or Debt Repayment Triggering Event under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound, (iii) violates or will violate any statute, Law, rule or regulation or any order, judgment, decree or injunction of any court or arbitrator or governmental agency or body directed to the Purchaser or any of its properties in a proceeding to which it or its property is a party or (iv) results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property or assets of the Purchaser, which breaches, violations, defaults or Liens, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv), would, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of the Purchaser to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on the Effective Date and will terminate ten (10) years from the date this amended and restated Plan is approved by the Board. This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
This Agreement is effective as of the date first above written and shall continue in effect with respect to each Shared Contract (Parent Companies) until the earlier to occur of (a) the expiration or termination, as the case may be, of such Shared Contract (Parent Companies), and (b) the award to Spinco or any of its Subsidiaries of a substitute or successor contract vehicle to such Shared Contract (Parent Companies); provided , however , that the provisions of this Section 4 (Term) and Sections 5 (Use of Intellectual Property), 6 (Proprietary Information), 10 (Construction), 11 (Entire Agreement), 12 (Governing Law), 16 (Third Party Beneficiaries) and 18 (Dispute Resolution), as well as the terms and conditions described in this Agreement, the Cost Principles and the Standard Terms and Conditions that are applicable to Orders that by their terms survive the termination of the applicable Shared Contract (Parent Companies), shall survive any such expiration.
(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or the Transactions.
All fees and expenses with respect to the negotiation of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall be borne by the party incurring such fees and expenses.
At all times prior to the Closing Date or the earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the Company and the Commitment Parties shall consult with each other prior to issuing any press releases (and provide each other a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such release) or otherwise making public announcements with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, it being understood that nothing in this ‎Section 10.12 shall prohibit any Party from filing any motions or other pleadings or documents with the Bankruptcy Court in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.
Subject to Section 4 hereof, the Options shall vest as follows: [·] so long as the Participant continuously remains an employee, officer, director, or consultant of the Company from the Grant Date through such date(s). The Options shall be exercisable on any date to the extent vested and outstanding on such date. For purposes of this Agreement, an employment or service relationship with the Company shall include employment with or provision of services to the Company's affiliates (including Subsidiaries) and/or its successors.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of Three Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($3,500); provided ,   however , that Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and such information regarding such assignee as Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly (and in any event within ten (10) days) after demand therefor.
The Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Lender, each LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent, and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees from and against any and all claims and damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements) which such Lender, such LC Issuer or the Administrative Agent may incur (or which may be claimed against such Lender, such LC Issuer or the Administrative Agent by any Person whatsoever) by reason of or in connection with the issuance, execution and delivery or transfer of or payment or failure to pay under any Facility LC or any actual or proposed use of any Facility LC, including, without limitation, any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements) which such LC Issuer may incur (i) by reason of or in connection with the failure of any other Lender to fulfill or comply with its obligations to such LC Issuer hereunder (but nothing herein contained shall affect any rights the Borrower may have against any Defaulting Lender) or (ii) by reason of or on account of such LC Issuer issuing any Facility LC which specifies that the term “Beneficiary” included therein includes any successor by operation of law of the named Beneficiary, but which Facility LC does not require that any drawing by any such successor Beneficiary be accompanied by a copy of a legal document, satisfactory to such LC Issuer, evidencing the appointment of such successor Beneficiary; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify any Lender, any LC Issuer or the Administrative Agent for any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses to the extent, but only to the extent, caused by (x) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such LC Issuer in determining whether a request presented under any Facility LC complied with the terms of such Facility LC or (y) such LC Issuer’s failure to pay under any Facility LC after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Facility LC. Nothing in this Section 2.19(i) is intended to limit the obligations of the Borrower under any other provision of this Agreement.
A Member shall become 100% vested in his Retirement Savings Contributions upon the attainment of 3 Years of Service (as determined in accordance with the Qualified Plan pursuant to which such Member’s Retirement Savings Contributions were made).
The Company shall pay to the Executive for the performance of his duties under this Agreement an initial base salary of $ 350,000 U.S. dollars per year (the “ Base Salary ”), payable in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices. Thereafter, the rate of the Executive’s Base Salary will be reviewed and adjusted as appropriate in accordance with the Company’s regular compensation review practices. Effective as of the date of any such increase, the Base Salary so increased shall be considered the new Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.
(a) The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain as their principal business, taken as a whole, the exploration, production, transportation, distribution, refinement, processing, storage, marketing and gathering of oil and other hydrocarbons and petroleum, and natural, synthetic or other gas and such activities related, ancillary or incidental thereto.
Subject to the provisions of Section 5.3 , each document (including any UCC financing statements, Intellectual Property Security Agreements, Deposit Account Control Agreements, Securities Account Control Agreements, and landlord access agreements and/or bailee waivers) required by the Security Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties), a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right and priority to any Lien in the Collateral held by any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section   7.3 ), shall have been executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent or, as applicable, be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation.
This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award Agreement may be amended pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan. Such amendment must be in writing and signed by the Company. The Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect the interests of the Non-Employee Director hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or portable document format (PDF) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually-executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Except as expressly modified hereby, all terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
The Company has all requisite corporate power and has taken all requisite corporate action to execute and deliver this Warrant, to issue the Warrant and Warrant Stock and to carry out and perform all of its obligations hereunder. This Warrant has been duly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Company and constitutes the valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and (ii) as limited by equitable principles generally. Any person executing this Warrant on behalf of the Company is a duly authorized officer of the Company with all necessary legal authority to bind the Company generally and with the specific legal authority to cause the Company to execute and deliver this Warrant.
Option Holder is a holder of options to purchase a number of shares of common stock of the Company (the “Option Shares”) pursuant to the Option Agreement(s) described on Schedule A. To the extent that any Option Shares granted in any one calendar year exceed 100,000 shares, Option Holder hereby agrees to forfeit all rights to purchase the Option Shares comprising the excess (the “Excess Shares”), as indicated in the “Excess Shares” column in Schedule A. For any Option Agreement, the Excess Shares forfeited shall be those that would vest last in time.
Subject to the limitations and other provisions of this Agreement, the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until the date that is twenty months from the Closing Date. None of the covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing Date other than those which by their terms contemplate performance after the Closing Date, and each such surviving covenant and agreement shall survive the Closing until fully performed, or if earlier, the date upon which all of the Product Agreements have been terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claims asserted in good faith with reasonable specificity (to the extent known at such time) and in writing by notice from the non-breaching party to the breaching party prior to the expiration date of the applicable survival period shall not thereafter be barred by the expiration of such survival period and such claims shall survive until finally resolved.
During the Term, Executive shall be employed as and hold the title of President of the Company, with such duties and responsibilities that are customary in that position for public companies. As President of the Company, Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Board.
A participant may reduce or increase future payroll deductions or payments made pursuant to Section 5.01 by filing with the Plan Representative a form provided by the Company for such purpose. The effective date of any increase or reduction in future payroll deductions or payments pursuant to Section 5.01 will be the next Offering Commencement Date that both succeeds processing of the change form and involves an Offering in which the participant is eligible to participate, taking into account any suspension of participation that Section 8.02 requires. A participant's changed enrollment election pursuant to Section 5.01 shall remain in effect for successive Offerings unless terminated as provided in Section 8.01.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement may not be modified, amended, or supplemented, and no term or provision hereof or thereof waived, without the prior written consent of the Stone Parties, the Required Consenting Banks and the Required Consenting Noteholders, provided that, (i) the written consent of each Consenting Noteholder, each Consenting Bank and the Stone Parties shall be required for any amendments, amendments and restatements, modifications, or other changes to Section  10 and this Section  28 , (ii) the written consent of each Consenting Noteholder and the Stone Parties shall be required for any amendment or modification of the defined term “Required Consenting Noteholders,” and (iii) the written consent of each Consenting Bank and the Stone Parties shall be required for any amendment or modification of the defined term “Required Consenting Banks” and provided, further, that any amendments, amendments and restatements, modifications, or other changes to the Term Sheet shall require the prior written consent of Consenting Noteholders, holding at least two-thirds of the principal amount outstanding of all Notes Claims held by the Consenting Noteholders provided that, such Consenting Noteholders holding at least two-thirds of the principal amount shall include at least two (2) separate Consenting Noteholders (for purposes of this provision, each institution holding Notes Claims shall be taken together with each of its controlled affiliate’s and subsidiary’s Notes Claims holdings and they shall together in the aggregate constitute a single Consenting Noteholder).
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the state courts of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the state.. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Company and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Within forty five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter and within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of Lessee and Lessee Reporting Entities, Lessee shall deliver to Lessor (i) complete consolidated financial statements that consolidate Lessee and Lessee Reporting Entities, including a balance sheet, profit and loss statement, statement of stockholders’ equity and statement of cash flows and all other related schedules for the fiscal period then ended, such statements to detail separately interest expense, income taxes, non-cash expenses, non-recurring expenses, operating lease expense and current portion of long-term debt - capital leases; and (ii) income statements for the business at the Property. All such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, and shall be certified to be accurate and complete by an officer or director of each Lessee Reporting Entity. The financial statements delivered to Lessor need not be audited, but Lessee shall deliver to Lessor copies of any audited financial statements of the Lessee Reporting Entities which may be prepared, as soon as they are available.
Each Party (as applicable, an “ Indemnifying Party ”) shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Parties and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), but excluding consequential, special or punitive damages, incurred in connection with, resulting from, or arising out of (i) any misrepresentation respecting, or a breach of, any representation or warranty made by the Indemnifying Party in this Agreement, and/or (ii) any material breach or nonperformance of any covenant or agreement to be performed by the Indemnifying Party under this Agreement.
This Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior understandings and agreements (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Grantee with respect to such subject matter, provided that this Award Agreement (including Schedule A hereto) does not impair, diminish, restrict or waive any restrictive covenants (including any agreements not to compete or not to solicit employees or clients) or confidentiality obligations of Grantee to the Company, if any, under any other agreement, policy, plan or program.
The representations and warranties contained in Article IV of this Agreement shall survive the Closing for the twenty-four (24) month period following the Closing (the “ Survival Period ”), provided , however , that (i) the Fundamental Representations shall survive and continue indefinitely, (ii) no such limitation will apply in the event that the applicable breach is the result of fraud or intentional misrepresentation and (iii) if written notice of a Claim for Losses based upon breach of an applicable representation or warranty has been given to Seller prior to the expiration of the Survival Period, then the applicable representation(s) and/or warranty(ies) shall survive as to such Claim until such Claim has been fully resolved. The Parties hereto specifically and unambiguously intend that the survival periods that are set forth in this Section 8.2(a) (other than with respect to clause (i) above), for the representations and warranties contained herein shall replace any statute of limitations for such representations or warranties that would otherwise be applicable. Any covenant or agreement contained herein to be performed prior to or after the Closing shall survive the Closing indefinitely.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any right it may have, and agrees not to request, a jury trial for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.
If, at any time after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall determine that any actions are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of either of the Company or Merger Sub acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger or otherwise to carry out this Agreement, then the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to take all such actions as may be necessary or desirable to vest all right, title or interest in, to and under such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to carry out this Agreement.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.
If any provision of this Guaranty or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof.
No waivers of any breach of this Agreement extended by the Company or Synta to Stockholder shall be construed as a waiver of any rights or remedies of the Company or Synta, as applicable, with respect to any other stockholder of Synta who has executed an agreement substantially in the form of this Agreement with respect to Shares held or subsequently held by such stockholder or with respect to any subsequent breach of the Stockholder or any other such stockholder of Synta.  No waiver of any provisions hereof by any party shall be deemed a waiver of any other provisions hereof by any such party, nor shall any such waiver be deemed a continuing waiver of any provision hereof by such party.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day; (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day; (c) the second (2 nd ) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service; or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.
The Plan Administrator shall furnish Participants with all disclosures now or hereafter required by ERISA or the Code. The Plan Administrator shall file, as required, the various reports and disclosures concerning the Plan and its operations as required by ERISA and by the Code, and shall be solely responsible for establishing and maintaining all records of the Plan.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not, and will not, violate any provision of its charter or bylaws or, subject to the receipt of the Regulatory Approvals, violate or constitute a breach or contravention of, or default under, any Law to which Purchaser is subject, which violation, breach, contravention or default could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Purchaser.
EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
Based on the financial condition of the Parent as of the closing date (and assuming that the closing shall have occurred but without giving effect to any funding requirement of the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries), (i) the Parent’s fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Parent’s existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Parent’s assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business for the current fiscal year as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Parent, and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Parent, together with the proceeds the Parent would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debt when such amounts are required to be paid. The Parent does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).
Except as hereinafter provided and prior to adjustment in accordance with Sections 4.06(a) and 4.07(b) the standard early retirement allowance shall be an allowance deferred to commence on the first day of the calendar month next following the Member’s Normal Retirement Date and shall be equal to the Member’s Accrued Benefit earned up to his or her Early Retirement Date, computed on the basis of his or her Benefit Service, Final Average Compensation and Social Security Benefit as of his or her Early Retirement Date, with the Social Security Benefit determined on the assumption that the Member had no earnings after his or her Early Retirement Date. The Member may, however, elect to receive an early retirement allowance commencing on the first day of the calendar month next following his or her Early Retirement Date or on the first day of any calendar month before his or her Normal Retirement Date specified in his or her later request therefor in a reduced amount which, prior to adjustment in accordance with Sections 4.06(a) and 4.07(b), shall be equal to his or her Accrued Benefit, reduced by 1/3 of 1% per month for each month by which the commencement date of his or her retirement allowance precedes his or her Normal Retirement Date.
Capitalized terms which are used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Plan.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports (as defined below). The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. Except as described in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities, and no Company securities are outstanding as of the date hereof which contain such price-based anti-dilution or reset protections. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
During the Employment Period, the Company shall pay the Employee a base salary at the rate of One Hundred Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars (US$185,000.00) per annum (the “Base Salary”).  The Base Salary, minus any Provincial, federal, state and local payroll taxes and other withholding legally required or properly requested by the Employee shall be paid in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Partnership shall indemnify any person (and such person’s heirs, executors or administrators) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (brought in the right of the Partnership or otherwise), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal, including appeals, by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such person was the legal representative, is or was a Partner (including without limitation, the General Partner) or a director, officer or agent of a Partner (including without limitation, the General Partner) or the Partnership or, while a director, officer or agent of a Partner (including without limitation, the General Partner) or the Partnership, is or was serving at the request of the Partnership as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, nonprofit entity or other enterprise, for and against all loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred by such person or such heirs, executors or administrators in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, including appeals, if such person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Partnership and, with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against the person, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person’s conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 10.02(c), the Partnership shall be required to indemnify a person described in such sentence in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such person only if the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) by such person was authorized by the General Partner.
No modification or waiver of the provisions of this Agreement will be effective against either party unless given in writing signed by an authorized representative of Company and by Executive.
Except as to the consent of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with the Company’s chapter 11 case (as further described in the Registration Statement) and filings which may be required under applicable state securities regulations, no consent, authorization, approval, order, license, certificate, or permit of or from, or declaration or filing with, any federal, state, local, or other governmental authority or of any court or other tribunal is required by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.  No consent of any party to any Contract to which the Company is a party, or by which any of its properties or assets is bound, is required for the execution, delivery, or performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.
Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance and any unpaid late fees or other fees under this Note at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum from the Purchase Price Date (as defined in the Company Note) until the full amount of the principal and fees has been paid. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve (12) thirty (30) day months, shall compound daily and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of this Note.. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, in no event shall the applicable interest rate at any time exceed the maximum interest rate allowed under applicable law, as provided in Section 12 below. The entire unpaid principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest, if any, under this Note, shall be due and payable on the date that is fifteen (15) months from the date hereof (the “ Investor Note Maturity Date ”); provided, however , that Investor may elect, in its sole discretion, to extend the Investor Note Maturity Date for up to thirty (30) days by delivering written notice of such election to Company at any time prior to the Investor Note Maturity Date.
TJC is not a party to, subject to or bound by any agreement, judgment, order, writ, injunction, or decree of any court or governmental body that prevents or impairs the carrying out of this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and agreements contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by TJC’s Board of Directors. All other actions (including all action required by state law and by the organizational documents of TJC) necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by TJC of this Agreement, the Note, the bill of sale transferring the Assets, the assignments in connection herewith and the other documents, instruments and agreements necessary or appropriate to carry out the transactions herein contemplated, have been taken by TJC. Upon the execution of this Agreement and the other documents and instruments contemplated hereby by TJC, this Agreement and such other documents and instruments will be the valid and legally binding obligations of TJC, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).
In the case of the Executive’s Disability prior to the Executive’s termination of Service, the RSUs shall vest in full (if the Minimum Performance Condition is satisfied) as of the later of (i) the Determination Date, or (ii) the date of the Executive’s Disability.
THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF).
The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all group insurance, vacation, retirement and other employee benefits established by Company for its full time employees generally, on terms comparable to those provided to such employees from time to time by the Company. Nothing in this Agreement will preclude the Company from terminating or amending any employee benefit plan so as to change eligibility or other requirements or eliminate, reduce or otherwise change any benefit, provided that such termination or amendment applies equally to the Executive and other full time employees of the Company.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by exchange of facsimile copies bearing the facsimile signature of a Party shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Party.
On the Effective Date, there shall be no actions, suits or proceedings pending or threatened (a) with respect to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or (b) which has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
No income tax or payroll tax of any kind shall be withheld or paid by the Company on behalf of the Consultant for any payment under this Agreement. The Consultant agrees to be responsible for all taxes and similar payments arising out of any of Consultant’s activities contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, federal, state, and local income tax, social security tax (FICA), self-employment taxes, unemployment insurance taxes, and all other taxes, fees, and withholding. The Company shall not be obligated to pay to the Consultant any amounts hereunder until the Consultant shall provide to the Company the Consultant’s federal tax identification number and any other necessary information required by the Company to comply with applicable tax and other laws.
Schedule 5.18 lists all insurance policies of any nature maintained, as of the Closing Date, for current occurrences by each Credit Party, as well as a summary of the key business terms of each such policy such as deductibles, coverage limits and term of policy.
EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, AS SUPPLEMENTED BY THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
The Company considers the protection of its confidential information, proprietary materials and goodwill to be very important. Therefore, as a condition of your employment, you and the Company became parties to a Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions and Employment-At-Will Agreement for Consultants and Employees as of the commencement of your employment, and such agreement remains in full force and effect.
Any notice or certificate received by the Servicer or delivered by the Servicer under the Basic Servicing Agreement relating to the 2016-A Reference Pool will be forwarded by the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee within five Business Days of delivery or receipt thereof by the Servicer.
Comply with all Applicable Laws, including ERISA, Environmental Laws, FLSA, OSHA, Anti-Terrorism Laws, PACA and laws regarding collection and payment of Taxes, and maintain all Governmental Approvals necessary to the ownership of its Properties or conduct of its business, unless failure to comply (other than failure to comply with Anti-Terrorism Laws) or maintain would have a Material Adverse Effect.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) if any Environmental Release occurs at or on any Properties of any Borrower or Subsidiary, it shall act promptly and diligently to investigate and report to all appropriate Governmental Authorities the extent of, and to make appropriate remedial action to eliminate, such Environmental Release, all as and to the extent required by Applicable Laws, and (b) if any such Environmental Release could reasonably could be expected to result in liabilities of $250,000 or more shall occur, it shall act promptly to report to Lender.
The obligations of Borrower contained herein are performable at Lender’s offices in Dallas, Dallas County, Texas, and venue for any action in connection therewith shall be in Dallas County, Texas.
With respect to the Property, Seller, at its expense shall (i) obtain a preliminary title report or commitment (as applicable, the “ Preliminary Report ”) from Escrow Agent (referred to herein in such capacity as the “ Title Company ”), together with legible copies of all recorded encumbrances and exceptions to title. Buyer may, at its option and expense, (i) conduct UCC searches covering Seller and the Property (the “ UCC Searches ”) and (ii) order an update to the existing survey of the Real Property or any portion thereof by a licensed surveyor or registered professional engineer (the “ Survey ”).
During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to vacation and other paid time off benefits in accordance with the policies in Garfield Heights, Ohio, and to be taken at such times as chosen by Executive.
The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is duly and validly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and is authorized to do business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which such qualifications or authorizations are necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or authorized could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. As of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, each Credit Party’s type of organization and jurisdiction of incorporation or formation are set forth on Schedule 4.1.
As of the date hereof, (a) the authorized capital stock of the Company is set forth in the periodic report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 2, 2016 and (b) a total of 4,741,944 shares of Common Stock are outstanding, excluding the Initial Purchase Shares and the Commitment Shares. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents (as defined below), (i) no shares of the Company's capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company, (ii) there are no outstanding debt securities, (iii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act (except the Registration Rights Agreement), (v) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities as described in this Agreement and (vii) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or "phantom stock" plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. The Company has furnished to the Investor true and correct copies of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the " Certificate of Incorporation "), and the Company's Bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the " Bylaws "), and summaries of the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, if any, and copies of any documents containing the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.
The Issuer (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) and its successors-in-title, legal representatives and assignees and, to the extent the same is claimed by right of, through or under the Issuer, for its past, present and future employees, agents, representatives, officers, directors, shareholders, and trustees (each, a “ Releasing Party ” and collectively, the “ Releasing Parties ”), does hereby remise, release and discharge, and shall be deemed to have forever remised, released and discharged, the Trustee and the Holder, and the Trustee’s and the Holder’s respective successors-in-title, legal representatives and assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates, shareholders, trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals and all other persons and entities to whom any of the foregoing would be liable if such persons or entities were found to be liable to any Releasing Party, or any of them (collectively hereinafter the “ Holder Parties ”), from any and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, claims, charges, demands, counterclaims, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, damages, judgments, expenses, executions, liens, claims of liens, claims of costs, penalties, attorneys’ fees, or any other compensation, recovery or relief on account of any liability, obligation, demand or cause of action of whatever nature, whether in law, equity or otherwise (including, without limitation, any claims for subordination (whether equitable or otherwise), interest or other carrying costs, penalties, legal, accounting and other professional fees and expenses and incidental, consequential and punitive damages payable to third parties, or any claims arising under 11 U.S.C. §§ 541-550 or any claims for avoidance or recovery under any other federal, state or foreign law equivalent), whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, joint and/or several, secured or unsecured, due or not due, primary or secondary, liquidated or unliquidated, contractual or tortious, direct, indirect, or derivative, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, now existing, heretofore existing or which may heretofore have accrued against any of the Holder Parties, whether held in a personal or representative capacity, and which are based on any act, fact, event or omission or other matter, cause or thing occurring at or from any time prior to and including the date hereof in any way, directly or indirectly arising out of, connected with or relating to the Issuer and its controlled affiliates, the Indenture, and the transactions contemplated thereby, and all other agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents and statements (whether written or oral) related to any of the foregoing (each, a “ Claim ” and collectively, the “ Claims ”), in each case, other than Claims arising from the Holder Parties’ gross negligence, fraud, or willful misconduct. Each Releasing Party further stipulates and agrees with respect to all Claims, that it hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all provisions, rights, and benefits conferred by any applicable U.S. federal or state law, or any principle of common law, that would otherwise limit a release or discharge of any unknown Claims pursuant to this Section 11.
Each Borrower Party is solvent and will not be rendered insolvent by any Loan hereunder and, after giving effect to each such Loan, each Borrower Party will not be left with an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to engage in its business. Each Borrower Party does not intend to incur, nor believes that it has incurred, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. No Borrower Party is contemplating the commencement of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or consolidation proceedings or the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee or similar official in respect of any Borrower Property or any of its assets.
The representations and warranties of the Seller contained in Section 3.02 and in the other 2016-B Basic Documents will be true and correct on the 2016-B Closing Date, and the Seller will have performed on or prior to the 2016-B Closing Date all obligations to be performed by the Seller under this Agreement on or prior to the 2016-B Closing Date.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of identical counterparts (including electronic signature and signatures transmitted by facsimile), any or all of which may contain the signatures of fewer than all of the parties but all of which shall be taken together as a single instrument.
On the terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at the offices of Latham & W atkins LLP, 355 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, California, at 5:00 a.m. Los Angeles time on the date of this Agreement and substantially simultaneously with the occurrence of the Merger Closing, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditi ons set forth in Article V , or such other time and place as the Company the Holders may agree in writing. The date on which the Closing is to occur is referred to herein as the “ Closing Date ”.  Immediately after the Closing, the Company shall cancel the Preferred Shares.
Each party hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that except as expressly provided in this Amendment, nothing in this Amendment shall be construed as a waiver of any provision of the Note by any party hereto, nor shall it in any way affect the validity of, or the right of any party hereto to enforce the provisions of the Note.
Borrowers and other Loan Parties shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such additional action as may be reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to effectuate the provisions and purposes of this Amendment No. 1.
By accepting the Resricted Stock Units, you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of dividends and/or the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan.
The terms of this Agreement and the easements granted herein shall be appurtenant to and run with the land, and shall be binding on all parties having or acquiring any right, title or interest in such properties and shall inure to the benefit of each owner thereof, and shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the parties herein. The Parties and their successors and assigns shall be entitled to use and enjoy the easements granted herein.
This Note will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Nevada regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of laws.
In the event of Involuntary Termination of the Employee concurrently with or within 12 months after a Change in Control, the Bank shall, subject to Section 8 of this Agreement and in lieu of the amount set forth in Section 7(a) of this Agreement, (1) pay to the Employee in a lump sum in cash within 25 business days after the Involuntary Termination an amount equal to 299% of the Employee’s "base amount" as defined in Section 280G of the Code; and (2) provide to the Employee during the remaining term of this Agreement substantially the same health benefits as the Bank maintained for its executive officers immediately prior to the Change in Control, provided that if either the Bank is unable to provide such insurance coverage in-kind or the continuation of such insurance coverage would trigger excise taxes under Section 4980D of the Code, then the Bank shall make a lump sum cash payment to the Employee equal to the projected cost of providing such insurance coverage for the remaining term of this Agreement, with the projected cost to be based on the costs being incurred immediately prior to the Involuntary Termination as increased by 10% on each scheduled renewal date.
As of the Closing Date and on the date of any increase in the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.01(c) only, after giving effect to the Transactions (including each Loan and each Letter of Credit) to be consummated on such date, the Borrower, individually and together with its Subsidiaries, is Solvent.
All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements on the part of Borrower contained in the Loan Documents shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall be effective until the Obligations are paid and performed in full or longer as expressly provided herein.
Coach Legacy and Developer shall do such other and further acts and things, and execute and deliver such instruments and documents (not creating any obligations or imposing any expense (except to a de minimis extent) in addition to those otherwise created or imposed by this Agreement), as either may reasonably request from time to time in furtherance of effectuating the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.
Executive shall be employed by the Company in the position of Vice President-Chief Medical Officer. Executive shall have the duties and responsibilities consistent with the position of Vice President-Chief Medical Officer and such other duties and responsibilities assigned by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall perform faithfully and diligently such duties as are reasonable and customary for Executive’s position, as well as such other duties as the Chief Executive Officer shall reasonably assign from time to time. Executive shall provide his services hereunder from the Company’s offices in New York, New York, or from his home, as the Chief Executive Officer may hereafter direct or approve.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company’s employee benefit plans, as amended from time to time, as in effect from time to time (collectively “ Employee Benefits ”), on the same basis as those benefits are generally made available to other senior executives of the Company.
No failure on the part of the Secured Party or any of its agents to exercise, and no course of dealing with respect to, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Secured Party or any of its agents of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies herein are cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
This Guaranty shall be binding on, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Guarantor, each Guaranteed Party and their respective successors and assigns; provided that the Guarantor may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Guaranty without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and without requiring any further consent of any Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guaranteed Party may assign, sell participations in or otherwise transfer its rights under the Facility Documents in accordance with the terms thereof to any other person or entity, and the other person or entity shall then become vested with all the rights granted to the Guaranteed Parties in this Guaranty or otherwise.
This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents (i) has been duly and validly executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and (ii) constitutes, or will constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations of each Loan Party which is or will be a party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity.
The Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to require a cash payment (or other form of payment determined in accordance with Section 11.2 of the Plan) by or on behalf of the Participant and/or to deduct from other compensation payable to the Participant any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to the grant, vesting and/or payment of the RSUs and/or the Dividend Equivalents. The Company shall have no obligation to make any payment in any form under this Agreement or under any RSU or Dividend Equivalent issued in accordance herewith unless and until such tax obligations have been satisfied.
Borrower shall from time to time execute, deliver and file, alone or with Agent, any financing statements, security agreements, collateral assignments, notices, control agreements, or other documents to perfect or give the highest priority to Agent’s Lien on the Collateral. Borrower shall from time to time procure any instruments or documents as may be reasonably requested by Agent, and take all further action that may be necessary, or that Agent may reasonably request, to perfect and protect the Liens granted hereby and thereby. In addition, and for such purposes only, Borrower hereby authorizes Agent to execute and deliver on behalf of Borrower and to file such financing statements (including an indication that the financing statement covers “all assets or all personal property” of Borrower in accordance with Section 9-504 of the UCC), collateral assignments, notices, control agreements, security agreements and other documents without the signature of Borrower either in Agent’s name or in the name of Agent as agent and attorney-in-fact for Borrower. Borrower shall protect and defend Borrower’s title to the Collateral and Agent’s Lien thereon against all Persons claiming any interest adverse to Borrower or Agent other than Permitted Liens.
Notices, consents and other communications provided for herein shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing and given as provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. Communications and notices to the Guarantor shall be given to it at 3501 County Road 6 East, Elkhart, Indiana 46514, Attention: David Smith.
The Associate shall keep this Agreement and its terms confidential and shall not disclose or discuss the same with anyone other than his attorney, accountant, and spouse, if any.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Shareholders and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. Directors are express third party beneficiaries of the provisions of Sections 2.5 , in all cases upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.
Schedule 3.19 lists all insurance policies (by policy number, insurer, coverage period, coverage amount, annual premium and type of policy) held by the Purchaser relating to the Purchaser or its business, properties, assets, directors, officers and employees. All premiums due and payable under all such insurance policies have been timely paid and the Purchaser is otherwise in material compliance with the terms of such insurance policies. All such insurance policies are in full force and effect, and to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, there is no threatened termination of, or material premium increase with respect to, any of such insurance policies. There have been no insurance claims made by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has reported to its insurers all claims and pending circumstances that would reasonably be expected to result in a claim, except where such failure to report such a claim would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser.
Seller is not (i) an “employee benefit plan” (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ ERISA ”)) that is subject to the provisions of Title 1 of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” that is subject to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “ Code ”) or (iii) an entity whose assets are treated as “plan assets” under ERISA by reason of an employee benefit plan’s or plan’s investment in such entity.
Each Group Member has filed or caused to be filed all Federal, state and other material income tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all Federal, state and other material taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other material taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member); no material tax Lien has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Parent Borrower, no material claim is being asserted, with respect to any such material tax, fee or other charge, except in each case as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each of the parties to this Agreement shall pay its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
The proceeds from the purchase and sale of the Note shall be used by the Company for the Acquisition and payment of related fees and expenses, and for general working capital purposes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, Tenant’s Share as to certain expenses included in Operating Expenses may be calculated differently to yield a higher percentage share for Tenant as to those expenses if Landlord permits other tenants or occupants in the Project to incur such expenses directly rather than have Landlord incur the expense in common for the Project. In such case, Tenant’s Share of the applicable expense shall be calculated as having as its denominator the sum of the gross leasable areas of all premises in the Project less the gross leasable areas of tenants who have incurred such expense directly. Nothing herein shall imply that Landlord will permit Tenant or any other tenant of the Project to incur Common Area Costs. Any such permission shall be in the sole discretion of Landlord. If the Building or Project is not one hundred percent (100%) occupied during all or a portion of any calendar year, Landlord shall make an appropriate adjustment to the components of Operating Expenses for such year to determine the amount of Operating Expenses that would have been incurred had the Building and Project been one hundred percent (100%) occupied; and the amount so determined shall be deemed to have been the amount of Operating Expenses for such year.
The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Extensions of Credit to continue the loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, Permitted Acquisitions and fees and expenses in connection therewith, stock repurchases, dividends, and Capital Expenditures and may use such proceeds for the payment of certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions and this Agreement.  The Borrower will not request any Extension of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, or permit its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents to use, the proceeds of any Extension of Credit, directly or indirectly, (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (or by combining electronic and/or original signatures into one or more counterparts), all of which together shall constitute an agreement binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all such parties are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart. Electronic copies of signatures shall constitute original signatures for all purposes of this Agreement and any enforcement hereof.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Note or the Purchase Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the “ New York Courts ”). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of this Note or the Purchase Agreement), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorney’s fees and other costs and expenses reasonably incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
Without prior written consent of Employer, Employee agrees to keep the terms of this Agreement (including the fact and amount of payments under this Agreement) and matters relating to Employee’s resignation completely confidential, and will not disclose any information concerning this Agreement or its terms or Employee’s resignation to anyone other than Employee’s spouse, legal counsel and/or financial advisors, who will be informed of and be bound by this confidentiality clause. This provision is not intended to restrict Employee from making disclosures as may be required by law or legal process.
This Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and the documents or instruments referred to herein and therein, including any exhibits and schedules attached hereto and thereto, embody the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement and such other agreements supersede all prior agreements and the understandings among the parties with respect to such subject matter.
All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by the Prime Rate shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty-five (365) or three hundred and sixty-six (366) days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a three hundred and sixty-five (365) day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.10(a), bear interest for one (1) day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
(a) On each Payment Date, the Servicer and the Seller will deposit into the Collection Account the aggregate Repurchase Price with respect to Repurchased Receivables purchased by the Servicer pursuant to Section 3.6 or the Bank, as seller, pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement, respectively, on such Payment Date and the Servicer will deposit (or will cause the applicable purchaser to deposit) into the Collection Account all amounts, if any, to be paid under Section 8.1 in connection with the Optional Purchase. All such deposits with respect to a Payment Date will be made, in immediately available funds by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day prior to such Payment Date related to such Collection Period.
The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower Representative or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral or the existence of the Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
Pursuant to Company policy, and to the extent not set forth in the Compensation Schedule, the Company shall reimburse the Employee for all authorized travel and other reasonable expenses incurred by her in furtherance of the Company’s business upon the Employee’s presentation of an itemized account of expenditures.
This Note, the Security Agreements, the Mortgages and the other Loan Instruments to which any Maker is a party constitute valid and legally binding obligations of each such Maker, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and to general principles of equity, whether asserted in an action at law or in equity.
Executive’s annual salary will be $405,000 (the “ Base Salary ”), paid in accordance with the Company’s payroll practices as in effect from time to time. The Base Salary will be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “ Committee ”).
Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of the Landlord, assign, mortgage, encumber or otherwise transfer this Lease or any interest herein directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, or sublet the Premises or any part thereof, or permit the use or occupancy of the Premises by any party other than Tenant (any such action, a " Transfer "). If at any time or from time to time during the Term, when no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Tenant desires to effect a Transfer, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord written notice (" Transfer Notice ") setting forth the terms of the proposed Transfer and the identity of the proposed assignee, sublessee or other transferee (each, a " Transferee "). Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay its consent to any assignment of this Lease or sublet of the Premises, subject to the conditions of this Article 12. Tenant shall also deliver to Landlord with the Transfer Notice an acceptable assumption agreement for Tenant's obligations under this Lease (in the case where the Transfer is a proposed assignment of this Lease) together with all relevant information reasonably requested by Landlord concerning the proposed Transferee to assist Landlord in making an informed judgment regarding the Transferee’s proposed use of the Premises (which use must be permitted by Applicable Laws), and the financial responsibility, creditworthiness, reputation, and business experience of the Transferee. The provisions of this Section 12.1 shall apply to a Transfer (by one or more Transfers) of a controlling portion of or interest in the stock or partnership or membership interests or other evidences of equity interests of Tenant as if such Transfer were an assignment of this Lease; provided that if equity interests in Tenant at any time are or become traded on a public stock exchange, the transfer of equity interests in Tenant on a public stock exchange shall not be deemed an assignment within the meaning of this Section 12.1 .
This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, excluding that body of law relating to conflict of laws and choice of law.
Subject to the remaining terms of this Article IV, this Agreement shall be for an initial term that begins on the Effective Date and continues in effect through October 31, 2017 (the “ Initial Term ”) and, unless terminated sooner as herein provided, shall renew for successive one-year periods after the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date (each a “ Renewal Term ” and together with the Initial Term, the “ Term ”). If the Company or Executive desires to elect not to renew this Agreement, the Company or Executive must give written notice (which may be included in a Notice of Termination) to the other party at least 30 days before the expiration of the then-current Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. In the event that one party provides the other with a written notice of election not to renew this Agreement pursuant to this Section 4.1, no further automatic extensions will occur and this Agreement shall terminate at the end of the then-existing Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. If the Company elects not to renew this Agreement and Executive’s employment with the Company is not terminated, Executive shall continue as an at-will employee of the Company and this Agreement shall terminate, subject to Section 9.13, at the end of the current Term.
Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of the Borrower, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Borrower will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) the Borrower will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) the Borrower will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Effective Date.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given in the Lease. If there is any conflict between the terms, conditions and provisions of this Amendment and the terms and conditions of the Lease, the terms, conditions and provisions of this Amendment shall prevail.
Each Borrower and Subsidiary owns or has the lawful right to use all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business, without conflict with any rights of others.  There is no pending or, to any Borrower's knowledge, threatened Intellectual Property Claim with respect to any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their Property (including any Intellectual Property) that if resolved adversely to such Borrower or Subsidiary would have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.10 , no Borrower or Subsidiary pays or owes any Royalty or other compensation to any Person with respect to any Intellectual Property.
Maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties and their respective directors, officers and employees with (x) any OFAC Regulations and Sanctions controls and (y) the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions .
VENDOR shall not disclose the fact of, terms of, or subject matter of this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of SANOFI other than as required by law, rule or regulation. VENDOR will not use the name or logo of SANOFI or its Affiliates in advertising promotions or other commercial materials without SANOFI's prior written consent. To the extent SANOFI has approved a particular disclosure, VENDOR may reissue or reuse the contents of such disclosure without obtaining SANOFI’s prior written consent for such subsequent disclosure.
Any dispute or claim concerning any Stock Awards granted (or not granted) pursuant to the Plan or any disputes or claims relating to or arising out of the Plan shall be fully, finally and exclusively resolved by binding and confidential arbitration conducted pursuant to the rules of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) in San Francisco. The Company shall pay all arbitration fees. In addition to any other relief, the arbitrator may award to the prevailing party recovery of its attorneys’ fees and costs. By accepting a Stock Award, Participants and the Company waive their respective rights to have any such disputes or claims tried by a judge or jury.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of  the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no written or oral terms or representations made by either party other than those made herein. No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding unless made in writing and duly executed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment or modification is sought and making specific references to this Agreement. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission), each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile copies of signatures shall constitute original signatures for all purposes of this Agreement and any enforcement hereof.
During the Employment Term, the Company will pay or reimburse the Executive for reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred by the Executive during the Employment Term in connection with the Executive’s duties on behalf of the Company in accordance with the Company’s travel and expense policy, as it may be amended from time to time, or other applicable Company Polices, following submission by the Executive of reimbursement expense forms in a form consistent with such expense policies. The Executive shall also be entitled to reimbursement of fees and expenses incurred in connection with maintaining Executive’s professional law license in the State of New York or any other State in the United States where the Company may relocate.
All non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and non-use, non-recruiting, intellectual property, and Agreement disclosure obligations under paragraphs three (3) through seven (7) of this Agreement shall survive the voluntary or involuntary termination of my employment for any reason and with or without cause, and no dispute regarding any other provisions of this Agreement or regarding my employment or the termination of my employment shall prevent the operation and enforcement of these obligations.
This Warrant and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of Nevada or of any other state.
John hereby acknowledges receipt by 180 of the Advances from the Company and hereby represents and warrants that the advances were utilized solely for bona fide 180 business expenses (including, without limitation, its development of the Youlab Global brand and for wages, travel, software development, inventory etc., related thereto).
The Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to it, such additional certificates, documents and other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.
All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed (a) if to the Executive, to the Executive’s address as it appears in the records of the Company, and if to the Company, to United Continental Holdings, Inc., attention: Deputy General Counsel & Corporate Secretary, 233 South Wacker Drive, 11th Floor HDQLD, Chicago, IL 60606, or (b) to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.
Each Purchaser covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) each Purchaser makes no representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4, (ii) each Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) each Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4, unless the Company discloses to such Purchaser material non-public information and, in connection with such disclosure, such Purchaser executes a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7.10.
The Parties agree that these General Releases shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to choice or conflict of law principles. In the event that any provision contained in these General Releases shall, to any extent, be deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of these General Releases shall not be affected thereby and each portion and provision of these General Releases shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted. Any modifications or waiver of the terms set forth in these General Releases must be in writing and signed by parties. These General Releases may be executed in separate counterparts (including by means of facsimile), each of which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. Any counterpart may be executed by facsimile signature and such facsimile signature shall be deemed an original.
As of the first date stated above ( “ Effective Date ” ), the Executive shall serve as the Company ’ s President.  The Company will employ Executive as President and Executive agrees to work for the Company, at its Wilmington, Massachusetts facility, to perform the duties and responsibilities inherent in such position, and such other duties and responsibilities as the Company shall from time to time assign to Executive.
The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Term Loans as purchase money to finance the acquisition of the Aircraft by the Borrower. No part of the proceeds of any Term Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would violate any rule or regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulations T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
The Company has insurance policies in full force and effect for such amounts as are sufficient for all requirements of Law and all agreements to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, including professional liability policies covering professional services provided by all Physicians and all applicable Business Employees. Set forth on Section 4.24 of the Disclosure Schedule is a complete and correct list of all insurance policies and all fidelity bonds held by or applicable to the Company setting forth, in respect of each such policy, the policy name, policy number, carrier, term, type and amount of coverage and annual premium. No event relating to the Company has occurred which could reasonably be expected to result in a retroactive upward adjustment in premiums under any such insurance policies or which could reasonably be expected to result in a prospective upward adjustment in such premiums. Excluding insurance policies that have expired and been replaced in the Ordinary Course of Business, no insurance policy has been cancelled within the last two (2) years and, to the Knowledge of the Sellers, no threat has been made to cancel any insurance policy of the Company during such period. All such insurance will remain in full force and effect and all such insurance is assignable or transferable to the Purchaser. No event has occurred, including, without limitation, the failure by the Company to give any notice or information or the Company giving any inaccurate or erroneous notice or information, which limits or impairs the rights of the Company under any such insurance policies.
Each Party shall each bear their own costs and legal fees associated with the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement.
Neither the failure on the part of any Credit Party to exercise, nor the delay on the part of any Credit Party in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder, nor any course of dealing between any Credit Party, on the one hand, and any Grantor, on the other hand, shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or remedy hereunder preclude any other or the further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
Buyer represents and warrants to Seller, which representations and warranties shall be deemed made by Buyer to Seller as of the Effective Date and also as of the Closing Date that Buyer has the full right, power and authority to purchase the Property as provided in this Contract and to carry out Buyer’s obligations hereunder, and that all requisite action necessary to authorize Buyer to enter into this Contract and to carry out Buyer’s obligations hereunder has been taken.  Buyer is not listed in Executive Order 13224, and Buyer has no present, actual knowledge that any other persons or entities holding any legal or beneficial interest whatsoever in Buyer are included in, owned by, controlled by, knowingly acting for or on behalf of, knowingly providing assistance, support, sponsorship or services of any kind to, or otherwise knowingly associated with any of the persons or entities referred to or described in Executive Order 13224, or banned or blocked person, entity, nation or transaction pursuant to any law, order, rule or regulation that is enforced or administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any breach by Buyer of any of the foregoing representations or warranties shall constitute a default by Buyer hereunder, and Seller may thereupon, at its option, terminate this Contract by giving written notice thereof, in which event the Earnest Money will be paid to Seller as liquidated damages, and neither Buyer nor Seller shall have any further rights or liabilities hereunder, except as otherwise provided herein.
Notice shall be given to each party at the address indicated in the Securities Purchase Agreement or at such other address as provided to the other party in writing.
Except as otherwise provided in this Article, Purchaser agrees that Contractor shall be the owner of all inventions, technology, designs, works of authorship, mask works, technical information, computer software, business information and other information conceived, developed or otherwise generated in the performance of this Contract by or on behalf of Contractor. Purchaser assigns and agrees to assign all right, title, and interest in the foregoing to Contractor, including without limitation all copyrights, patent rights, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights and further agrees to execute, at Contractor’s request and expense, all documentation necessary to perfect title in such materials in Contractor; provided that Contractor grants to Purchaser and its assignees and subsequent owners or operators of the Vessel a limited use license to all such intellectual property pursuant to this Article, including the terms set forth in Article 10(c) above.
Each party agrees to indemnity and hold the other harmless from and against any and all loss, damage, claim, demand, liability or expense by reason of any damage or injury to persons (including loss of life) or property which may arise or become claimed to have arisen as a result of or in connection with the indemnifying party's (i) improvement, occupancy or use of the Premises or its site, or (ii) failure to conscientiously and promptly perform any of its obligations under this Lease.
Following the Consulting Period, you agree to continue to be available from time to time at the request of Polaris to answer questions, provide information, or assist in any litigation, claims or other matters regarding business matters that you were directly and substantially involved with or about which you may have material knowledge as a result of your employment with Polaris.  Following the Consulting Period, Polaris will pay you for time you reasonably spend in connection with such assistance at the rate of $150.00 per hour.  You further agree that you will not encourage or cooperate with other individuals or parties in bringing or asserting claims against Polaris.  However, nothing in this Agreement prohibits you from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to any government agency or entity, including but not limited to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Department of Justice, Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other agency, or from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of law.
The “Effective Date” of the Plan, the date as of which the Plan was established, is January 1, 1979. This restatement of the Plan is generally effective October 27, 2014 (unless otherwise noted) and incorporates all amendments adopted effective through October 27, 2014.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity. The Purchaser has duly taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among such parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement and all proceedings or counterclaims (whether based in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or any action of any Party or Five Star in the negotiation, administration, performance and enforcement hereof, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of laws provision or rule (whether of the State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Maryland.
By accepting this offer, you agree, effective as of the Effective Date, to the confidentiality, noncompetition, and nonsolicitation provisions contained in the “Terms and Conditions of Employment” attached as Exhibit A , and that are incorporated herein by reference. You also agree that any and all employment disputes occurring during or after your employment with Supervalu are subject to mandatory arbitration as set forth in the “Terms and Conditions of Employment.” In addition, you acknowledge and agree that this Letter Agreement and the discussions and correspondences that led to this Letter Agreement shall constitute “Confidential Information” for purposes of the Confidentiality Agreement, executed in November 2015, by and between Supervalu and you (unless such information is already publicly available through no fault of your own).
This Amendment is subject to the general provisions set forth in the Loan Agreement, including but not limited to Sections 15.14, 15.15, and 15.16.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other documents and agreements to be executed by Purchaser as contemplated hereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and the compliance with the terms and conditions hereof or thereof will not (i) contravene any provision of law to which Purchaser is subject or any statute, decree, rule, regulation, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or other restriction binding upon Purchaser or contravene any order or permit applicable to Purchaser; or (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration of any obligation under, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require any notice under, any agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument, or other arrangement to which Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound.
The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for any and all (i) reasonable relocation expenses incurred by him in connection with his relocation to the Company’s office in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, including, but not limited to, his travel and temporary housing expenses and (ii) reasonable expenses incurred by him during the Term in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its senior executive officers. Any reimbursement that the Executive is entitled to receive shall (i) be paid as soon as practicable and in any event no later than the last day of the Executive’s tax year following the tax year in which the expense was incurred, (ii) not be affected by any other expenses that are eligible for reimbursement in any tax year and (ii) not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereto, and no party shall be liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any warranties, representations, guarantees or covenants except as specifically set forth in this Agreement. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it did not rely upon any statements or information, whether oral or written, provided by the Company, or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, in deciding to enter into this Agreement or purchase the Shares.  Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
There shall not exist any pending litigation or investigation affecting or relating to (i) any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries that in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and Lenders could materially adversely affect the any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, this Agreement or the other Credit Documents, that has not been settled, dismissed, vacated, discharged or terminated prior to the Closing Date or (ii) this Agreement, the other Credit Documents, that has not been settled, dismissed, vacated, discharged or terminated prior to the Closing Date.
In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Grantor Joinder Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, none of the parties hereto shall be required to comply with such provision for so long as such provision is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, but the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired.  The parties hereto shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.
The headings in this Agreement are solely for convenience or reference and shall be given no effect in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.
Headings of the sections of this Agreement and the schedules are for convenience of the Parties only and shall be given no substantive or interpretative effect whatsoever.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement and the other Sale Documents by the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company.
Any notice required by the terms of this Award Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed to be effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit with the U.S. Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid. Notice shall be addressed to the Company at its principal executive office and to the Participant at the address that he or she most recently provided to the Company.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the state of Colorado, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether the state of Colorado or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the state of Colorado.
The provisions of this Award and the Plan are intended to be severable, and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms.
Termination or expiration of this Agreement will not relieve either Party of any liability which accrued hereunder prior to the effective date of such termination, nor preclude either Party from pursuing all rights and remedies it may have hereunder at law or in equity with respect to any breach of this Agreement, nor prejudice either Party’s right to obtain performance of any obligation arising hereunder.  Section 1.1 (Definitions), Section 4.5 (Financial Records), Article 6 (Financial Terms), Article 7 (Confidentiality), Section 8.1 (Assignment and License Back of Data), Article 9 (Intellectual Property), Article 15 (Termination), Article 16 (Warranties and Disclaimers), Article 17 (Indemnification, Liability and Insurance) and Article 18 (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.  In addition, any other provisions which by their nature are understood to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement shall so survive.
Landlord hereby warrants to Tenant that, other than CBRE, no real estate broker has or will represent Landlord in this transaction. Tenant hereby warrants to Landlord that no real estate broker other than Newmark Grubb Knight Frank and Avison Young (collectively together with CBRE, the “ Brokers ”) has or will represent Tenant in this transaction. Landlord and Tenant shall indemnify each other against and hold the other harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of the breach of their respective warranty. Landlord shall compensate the Brokers pursuant to separate agreements between Landlord and the Brokers.
This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the other Borrower Parties, each member of the Lender Group and their respective successors and assigns; provided, that the Borrower shall be entitled to delegate any of its duties hereunder or assign any of its rights or remedies set forth in this Amendment without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. No Person other than the Borrower, the other Borrower Parties and the Lender Group and, in the case of Section 6 hereof, the Releasees, shall have any rights hereunder or be entitled to rely on this Amendment and all third-party beneficiary rights (other than the rights of the Releasees under Section 6 hereof) are hereby expressly disclaimed.
The proceeds of the Initial Term Loan will be used on the Effective Date only to finance all or a portion of the consideration for the Citron Acquisition and fees and expenses related thereto. The proceeds of the Revolving Loans will be used only to finance the working capital needs and for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, for payment of principal and/or interest due and owing by any Loan Party under any Permitted Convertible Notes, to finance a portion of the consideration for the Citron Acquisition, and to finance Permitted Acquisitions and acquisitions of abbreviated new drug applications and fees and expenses related thereto. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
This section of the Agreement is a release of legal claims. Please carefully review this section with your attorney and do not sign this document unless you understand what this section says.
Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, each Party shall pay its own expenses incident to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents and all action taken in preparation for effecting the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.
I agree that following the Effective Date, I will provide reasonable assistance to and cooperate with the Company and its affiliates as to any claims, controversies, disputes, or complaints of which I have knowledge or that may relate to me or my employment or other relationships with Company or its affiliates. Such cooperation includes but is not limited to providing the Company and its affiliates with all information known to me related to the foregoing, meeting with counsel, and appearing and giving testimony in any forum. Company will reimburse me for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by me in providing assistance under this Agreement.
Unless otherwise specified, references in this Agreement to any Section or clause refer to such Section or clause as contained in this Agreement.  The words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole, and not to any particular Section or clause contained in this Agreement.  Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter genders.  The words “including,” “includes” and “include” shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”.
EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  EACH PARTY ( A ) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, ( B ) MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND ( C ) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 5.15 .
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of Investor and Company will be entitled to specific performance under this Amendment, and equitable and injunctive relief to prevent any actual or threatened breach under this Amendment, to the full extent permitted under applicable laws. Without limitation of the foregoing, Company acknowledges that the rights and benefits of Investor pursuant to Section I.G.1. of the Certificate of Designations are unique and that no adequate remedy exists at law if Company breaches or fails timely perform any of its obligations thereunder, that it would be difficult to determine the amount of damages resulting therefrom, that it would cause irreparable injury to Investor, and that any potential harm to Company would be adequately and fully compensable with monetary damages. Accordingly, Investor will be entitled to a compulsory remedy of immediate specific performance, temporary, interim, preliminary and final injunctive relief to enforce the provisions thereof, including without limitation requiring Company and its transfer agent, attorneys, officers and directors to immediately take all actions necessary to issue and deliver the number of Shares provided in Section II above, and prohibiting any Common Stock from being issued or transferred until after all Shares have been received by Investor in electronic form and fully cleared for trading, which requirements will not be stayed for any reason, without the necessity of posting any bond. Company hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably waives all objections and rights to oppose any motion, application or request by Investor to issue the Shares, and all rights to stay or appeal any resulting order, and any appeal by Company or on its behalf will be immediately and automatically dismissed.
The parties to this Agreement: (i) shall not, without obtaining a written confirmation of the then-current rating of the Notes of each Conduit Purchaser by the Rating Agencies, waive any of the representations set forth in this Exhibit VI ; (ii) shall provide the Rating Agencies with prompt written notice of any breach of any representations set forth in this Exhibit VI , and (iii) shall not, without obtaining a written confirmation of the then-current rating of the Notes of each Conduit Purchaser by the Rating Agencies (as determined after any adjustment or withdrawal of the ratings following notice of such breach) waive a breach of any of the representations set forth in this Exhibit VI .
As of the RSA effective date, Mr. Hartman’s base salary will be reduced to $250,000 per annum. Mr. Brooks and Ms. Snyder will continue receiving their current annualized base salaries of $385,000 and $335,000, respectively. The Company will provide Mr. Hartman with market relocation assistance with respect to his move to the Houston metropolitan area.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Parties and the express third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
The Borrowers have furnished to each Lender (i) the audited con-solidated balance sheet of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, and the related audited consolidated statements of income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Year then ended, prepared by Grant Thornton LLP and (ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2016, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of in-come and cash flows for the Fiscal Quarter and year-to-date period then ended, certified by a Responsible Officer. Such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as of such dates and the consolidated results of op-erations for such periods in conformity with GAAP consistently applied, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii). Since December 31, 2015, there have been no changes with respect to the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries which have had or could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of any Loan Document or delivered thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Closing Date, as of the Closing Date, it being understood that any such projected financial information may vary from actual results and such variations could be material.
This Agreement is issued, and the Options are granted, in Rye Brook, New York and will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction.
This Agreement will be governed by an d construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that State without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.  Any claim or controversy between the Parties arising out of the circumstances and relationships contemplated by this Agreement, including disputes relating to the validity, construction or interpretation of this Agreement (“ Disputes ”), shall, upon written notice of the Company to NantWorks or NantWorks to the Company, as applicable, be referred for resolution by final, binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.10.  The arbitration shall be conducted by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (or any successor entity thereto) (“ JAMS ”) under its rules of arbitration then in effect, except as modified in this Agreement.  The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language, by a single arbitrator.  The arbitrator shall engage an independent expert with experience in the sub ject matter of the Dispute to advise the arbitrator.  With respect to any Dispute arising under this Agreement, the Parties and the arbitrator shall use all reasonable efforts to complete any such arbitration within six (6) months from the issuance of noti ce of a referral of any such Dispute to arbitration.  The arbitrator shall determine what discovery will be permitted, consistent with the goal of limiting the cost and time which the Parties must expend for discovery; provided that the arbitrator shall pe rmit such discovery as he or she deems necessary to permit an equitable resolution of the Dispute.  The Parties agree that the decision of the arbitrator shall be the sole, exclusive and binding remedy between them regarding the Dispute presented to the ar bitrator.  Any decision of the arbitrator may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction for judicial recognition of the decision and an order of enforcement.  The arbitration proceedings and the decision of the arbitrator shall not be made public wit hout the mutual consent of the Parties and each Party shall maintain the confidentiality of such proceedings and decision unless each Party otherwise agrees in writing; provided that a Party may make such disclosures as are permitted for confidential infor mation under Section 7.11 below.  Unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the Parties, the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the County of Los Angeles in the State of California.  The Parties agree that they shall share equally the cost of the arbitration filing and hearing fees, the cost of the independent expert retained by the arbitrator, and the cost of the arbitrator and administrative fees of JAMS.  Each Party shall bear its own costs and attorneys’ and witnesses’ fees and associated cost s and expenses.  Pending the selection of the arbitrator or pending the arbitrator’s determination of the merits of any Dispute, a Party may seek appropriate interim or provisional relief from any court of competent jurisdiction as necessary to protect the rights or property of that Party.
Each Person executing this Agreement represents and warrants that he or she has authority to execute this Agreement as a binding contract of the Party for whom he or she is signing.
The provisions of this Section 7 shall apply during the Term of Employment.
This document constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties regarding the matters described herein. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or representations between the Parties or any of them, except that Section 2.5 and 8.9 of the Employment Agreement, the Proprietary Rights Agreement that Short previously executed, the Parties’ Indemnification Agreement (with the exception noted in Section 3.1 above), and the Equity Instruments will continue in full force and effect according to their terms. There are no representations, agreements, arrangements, or understandings, oral or written, between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement that are not fully expressed herein. The Parties agree that no extrinsic evidence may be introduced to vary the terms hereof in any judicial proceeding involving this Agreement.
No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing after giving effect to this Agreement or would result from the execution or delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Company shall provide to the Executive all indemnification-related protections and benefits provided to senior executives of the Company.
THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES TO CAUSE ITS AFFILIATES TO WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (a) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (b) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OR OTHERWISE.  THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY AND THAT THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OF A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.
Notices hereunder must be in writing, delivered personally or sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company must be addressed to CommScope Holding Company, Inc., 1100 CommScope Place, SE, Hickory, North Carolina 28602, Attn: Corporate Secretary, or any other address designated by the Company in a written notice to Grantee. Notices to Grantee will be directed to the address of Grantee then currently on file with the Company, or at any other address given by Grantee in a written notice to the Company.
In reliance upon the representations and warranties of Borrowers set forth in Section 5 hereof and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 6 hereof, Agent and each Lender acknowledges, confirms and agrees that (a) each of Hanna and CM Brazil is hereby released from all Obligations under the Security Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, (b) each of Hanna and CM Brazil shall no longer be, or be deemed to be, a "Guarantor", "Grantor", "Loan Party" or obligor of any nature under or pursuant to the Security Agreement or any other Loan Document, (c) Agent's Liens on any asset of each of Hanna and CM Brazil are hereby released and (d) the pledge of the Equity Interests of each of Hanna and CM Brazil by their respective parent are hereby released except for the pledge of sixty-five percent (65%) of the total outstanding voting Equity Interests thereof. The foregoing release is a limited release and shall not be deemed to constitute a release with respect to any other Guarantor, Grantor, Loan Party or obligor in respect of the Obligations. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, (i) Agent agrees to promptly deliver to Administrative Borrower, at Borrowers' expense, (A) such UCC-3 termination statements, terminations, releases, or other documents necessary or reasonably required to effect the foregoing release, (B) the certificates and other instruments representing the Equity Interests of Hanna, CM Brazil, PolyOne (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (f/k/a Star Color Co. Ltd.), ColorMatrix Argentina S.A., ColorMatrix Mexico S.A. de C.V., ColorMatrix South America, Ltd. and ColorMatrix do Sul pledged to Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement and released pursuant to this Amendment, and (C) such additional certificates or other instruments representing the assets owned by Hanna and CM Brazil, as applicable, as may be necessary or reasonably required to release Agent's Lien on such assets, and (ii) Agent authorizes Borrowers to file the UCC-3 termination statements, terminations, releases and other documents delivered by Agent pursuant to the foregoing subpart(i)(A).
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Company Equity Interests (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at the offices of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, 51 W. 52 nd  Street, New York New York, at 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date that is three (3) Business Days after the satisfaction or written waiver (to the extent (i) permitted by applicable Law and (ii) signed by the party in whose favor such Closing Condition is for) of each of the Closing Conditions in accordance with Article X (other than those Closing Conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction in full or such waiver of those Closing Conditions at such time), or on such other date or at such other time or place as the Parties may agree in writing.  The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the “ Closing Date ”.  For all purposes under this Agreement and each other Transaction Agreement, (a) all matters that are to occur at the Closing will be considered to take place simultaneously and (b) the Closing shall be deemed effective as of the Effective Time. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Transaction Agreement, in no event shall the Closing occur prior to December 31, 2015 without the prior written consent of the Parties.
In the event of Executive's death during Executive's employment hereunder, Executive's employment shall terminate on the date of his death without further liability on the part of the Employer under this Agreement.
This Agreement and the documents executed pursuant hereto supersede all negotiations, agreements and understandings among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof (except for the Confidentiality Agreement, which the Parties agree will terminate pursuant to its terms or be caused to be terminated as of the Closing) and constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect thereto.
Each of Holdings and the Borrower shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, insure and keep insured, in each case with reputable insurance companies, so much of its respective material properties to such an extent and against such risks, or in lieu thereof, in the case of Holdings or the Borrower, maintain or cause to be maintained a system or systems of self-insurance using an adequately capitalized captive insurance subsidiary, (a) as is customary in the case of corporations engaged in the same or similar business or having similar properties similarly situated and is considered adequate by Holdings and the Borrower or (b) as may be otherwise required by applicable law or any other Loan Document. Each such policy of liability or casualty insurance maintained by or on behalf of Loan Parties will (a) in the case of each liability insurance policy (other than workers’ compensation, director and officer liability or other policies in which such endorsements are not customary), name the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as an additional insured thereunder, (b) in the case of each casualty insurance policy, contain a lender’s loss payable clause or endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as the lender’s loss payee thereunder and (c) to the extent available from the applicable insurance provider, provide for at least 30 days’ (or such shorter number of days as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any cancellation of such policy (it being understood and agreed that the replacement of any insurance policy obtained by Alcoa or its subsidiaries with an insurance policy obtained by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiaries in the context of the Spin-Off shall not be deemed to be such a cancellation and no notice shall be required to be delivered by the applicable insurer with respect thereto). With respect to each Mortgaged Property located in a US Jurisdiction that is located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to have special flood hazards, the applicable Loan Party will obtain (in the case of each Mortgaged Property listed on Schedule 1.02 , not later than the later of (x) the date on which a Mortgage for such Mortgaged Property is executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent and (y) the Initial Funding Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), and will maintain, with reputable insurance companies, such flood insurance as is required under applicable law, including Regulation H of the Board (including polices of such insurance). The Borrower will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. The provisions of this Section are subject to the penultimate paragraph of Section 4.02.
(i) At any time prior to the expiration of the Inspection Period, in the event that Buyers determine, in their sole discretion, that their due diligence review of the Assets and the Accounts Receivable are not satisfactory to Buyers, Buyers shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon notice to Seller, at which point all of Buyers’ obligations hereunder shall cease.
The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, and be bound by the terms of, this Letter Agreement, and the execution, delivery and performance of the undertakings contemplated by this Letter Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company.
Regardless of any action taken by the Company or any other Participating Company with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, National Insurance Contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related amounts, if any, or other tax-related withholding obligations in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of shares acquired pursuant to such settlement, or the receipt of any dividends (the “ Tax Withholding Obligations ”), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax Withholding Obligations legally due by the Participant is and remains the Participant’s responsibility.  In addition to the Tax Withholding Obligations, the Company shall have the right to require the Participant to assume the obligation for such social insurance, payroll tax or other tax-related amounts, if any, as are required by law to be paid by the Participating Company Group with respect to the Option or the shares acquired pursuant thereto which the Participating Company Group determines, in its discretion, to charge to the Participant (the “ Employer Tax Obligations ,” and, together with the Tax Withholding Obligations , the “ Tax Obligations ”).  The Participant acknowledges that the Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any other aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations.  At the time of exercise of the Option or as otherwise required by the Company, the Participant shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy all Tax Obligations.  In this regard, at the time the Option is exercised, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company or any other Participating Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding of all applicable Tax Obligations from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for withholding of all applicable Tax Obligations, if any, by each Participating Company which arise in connection with the Option.  Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under applicable law, including Local Law, the Company or any other Participating Company may (i) sell or arrange for the sale of shares acquired by the Participant to satisfy the Tax Obligations, and/or (ii) withhold in shares, provided that only the amount of shares necessary to satisfy the minimum amount of Tax Withholding Obligations required by applicable law, including Local Law, is withheld.  Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company or any other Participating Company any amount of the Tax Obligations that that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall have no obligation to process the exercise of the Option or to deliver shares until the Tax Obligations as described in this Section have been satisfied by the Participant.
Schedule 4.7 sets forth a list, as of the Closing Date, of all of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage ownership (direct and indirect) of the Borrower and each direct owner thereof. Except for the ownership interests expressly indicated on Schedule 4.7 , as of the Closing Date, there are no ownership interests, warrants, rights, options or other equity securities, or other Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of the Borrower outstanding or reserved for any purpose. All outstanding ownership interests of each Subsidiary of the Borrower are duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all reasonable expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Closing Date and (ii) each Departing Lender shall have received payment in full of all of the “Obligations” under the Prior Credit Agreement that are owing to it (other than obligations to pay fees and expenses with respect to which the Borrower has not received an invoice, contingent indemnity obligations and other contingent obligations owing to it under the “Loan Documents” as defined in the Prior Credit Agreement).
This Amendment shall be effective as of the date first written above; provided that on or before such date the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) copies of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders and (ii) the Administrative Agent’s and its affiliates’ fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) in connection with this Amendment.
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, both of which shall be deemed an original, but both of which, taken together shall constitute the same instrument. A signature made on a faxed or electronically mailed copy of the Agreement or a signature transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail shall have the same effect as the original signature. The section headings used in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience of reference and shall not in any manner amplify, limit, modify or otherwise be used in the interpretation of any of the provisions hereof. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective personal representatives, agents, attorneys, executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns.
The representations and warranties made in this Agreement will not survive the Plan Effective Date. Covenants and agreements that by their terms are to be satisfied after the Plan Effective Date shall survive until satisfied in accordance with their terms.
The parties hereto acknowledge that money damages would not be an adequate remedy at law if any party fails to perform in any material respect any of its obligations hereunder and accordingly agree that each party, in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled at law, in equity or, after the Closing, as provided in this Agreement, shall be entitled to seek to compel specific performance of the obligations of any other party under this Agreement and appropriate injunctive relief may be applied for and granted in connection therewith, in each case, without the posting of any bond, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any court of the United States or any state thereof having jurisdiction, and if any action should be brought in equity to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement, none of the parties hereto shall raise the defense that there is an adequate remedy at law. No remedy permitted under this Agreement shall be exclusive of any other remedy permitted under this Agreement.
Upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent in Section 3.1 , this Third Amendment shall be effective as of December 12, 2016.
Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 4.4(f), each notice or other communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon the Administrative Agent’s (or its delegate’s) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice or communication; provided that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business Day.
Purchaser shall pay the cost of the premium for the Title Policy and any Survey prepared by Purchaser.
Without regard to principles of conflicts of law, this Agreement, and all claims of causes of action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement) shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such state and the laws of the United States of America. EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
You hereby agree that the covenants set forth in Sections 12(a), (b), (c) and (d) are reasonable with respect to their scope, duration, and geographical area. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of Sections 12(a), (b), (c) or (d) is invalid or unenforceable, you and the Company hereby agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reform the unenforceable term or provision, including to delete, replace, or add specific words or phrases, but only to the narrowest extent necessary to render the provision valid and enforceable (provided that in no event shall the length of any restrictive covenant or its scope be extended or expanded), and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment on enforceability may be appealed. Your agreement to the restrictions provided for in this Agreement and the Company’s agreement to grant the Award are mutually dependent consideration. Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if the enforceability of any material restriction applicable to you as provided for in this Section 12 is challenged and found unenforceable by a court of law, then the Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and recover from you all shares of Common Stock paid to you pursuant to this Agreement and any amounts received by you on the date of sale, transfer, or other disposition if you have sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of any Restricted Shares. This provision shall be construed as a return of consideration or ill-gotten gains due to the failure of your promises and consideration under the Agreement, and not as a liquidated damages clause. In addition, in the event of the Company’s termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately forfeit all unvested Restricted Shares. You further hereby agree that, in the event of a breach by you of any of the provisions of Sections 12(a), (b), (c) or (d), monetary damages shall not constitute a sufficient remedy. Consequently, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Company or a System Company may, in addition to and without prejudice to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or injunctive or other relief in order to enforce or prevent any violations of the provisions hereof, in each case without the requirement of posting a bond or proving actual damages and without having to demonstrate that money damages would be inadequate. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach, but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and costs. You hereby agree and acknowledge that the restrictions contained in Sections 12(a), (b), (c) and (d) do not preclude you from earning a livelihood, nor do they unreasonably impose limitations on your ability to earn a living. You acknowledge that you have carefully read this Agreement and you have given careful consideration to the restraints imposed upon you by this Agreement, and you are in full accord as to their necessity for the reasonable and proper protection of confidential and proprietary information of any System Company now existing or to be developed in the future.
This Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed solely within such State.
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Partnership Entities carries or is covered by insurance from insurers of recognized financial responsibility in such amounts and covering such risks as is reasonably adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries. All policies of insurance of the Partnership Entities are in full force and effect; each of the Partnership Entities are in compliance with the terms of such policies in all material respects; and none of the Partnership Entities has received notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that capital improvements or other expenditures are required or necessary to be made in order to continue such insurance; there are or will be no claims by any of the Partnership Entities under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause; and none of the Partnership Entities has been notified in writing that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, from time to time after the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser agree to cooperate with one another, and at the request of the Company or the Purchaser, as applicable, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and take all such further action as the other party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions and to otherwise carry out the intent of the parties hereunder.
References in the singular shall include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. References in the masculine shall include the feminine and neuter, and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. Headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions hereof. Neither party, nor its respective counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this Agreement for purposes of construing the provisions of this Agreement, and all language in all parts of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party.
Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement.
This Agreement together with the other Credit Documents and the Security Documents represents the entire agreement of each of the Grantors and the Secured Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Grantor, the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Credit Documents or the Security Documents.
The BORROWER hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, reimburse and hold harmless the BANK and each of its affiliates, and all the directors, officers, employees, agents, legal counsel and advisors of the BANK (each, an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY") from and against all claims, actions, proceedings, suits, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses, including the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of one firm of counsel for all such INDEMNIFIED PARTIES, taken as a whole, and, if necessary, of a single firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all such INDEMNIFIED PARTIES, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the INDEMNIFIED PARTY affected by such conflict informs the BORROWER of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected INDEMNIFIED PARTY and, if necessary, of a single firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for such affected INDEMNIFIED PARTY), which may be incurred by or asserted against any INDEMNIFIED PARTY in connection with, or arising out of, or relating to any LOAN (or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom), any transaction or proposed transaction (whether or not consummated), contemplated by this AGREEMENT or any LOAN DOCUMENT (other than any TAXES); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any INDEMNIFIED PARTY, be available to the extent that such claim, action, proceeding, suit, damage, loss, liability, cost or expense (a) is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or wilful misconduct of such INDEMNIFIED PARTY or (ii) a claim brought by the BORROWER against such INDEMNIFIED PARTY for material breach in bad faith of such INDEMNIFIED PARTY'S obligations hereunder or (b) results from a proceeding that does not involve an act by the BORROWER or any of its AFFILIATES and that is brought by an INDEMNIFIED PARTY against any other INDEMNIFIED PARTY. This SECTION 8.01 shall not apply with respect to taxes other than any taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-tax claim.
In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other instrument referred to herein shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then to the maximum extent permitted by law, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement or any other such instrument.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment; and any documents, certificates or evidence required to be delivered under §4.3.3. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
Each Loan Party has the corporate or other organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to obtain Extensions of Credit hereunder, and each such Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the Extensions of Credit to it, if any, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any Notes. No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other similar act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required to be obtained or made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents to which it is a party or, in the case of the Borrower, with the Extensions of Credit to it, if any, hereunder, except for ( a ) consents, authorizations, notices and filings described in Schedule 5.4 , all of which have been obtained or made prior to the Restatement Effective Date, ( b ) filings to perfect the Liens created by the Security Documents, ( c ) filings pursuant to the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. § 3727 et seq. ), in respect of Accounts of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries the Obligor in respect of which is the United States of America or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof, ( d ) establishment of assignment of Restricted Government Accounts by or pursuant to the order of a court of competent jurisdiction and ( e ) consents, authorizations, notices and filings which the failure to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party will be duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Loan Party. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party when executed and delivered will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, in each case except as enforceability may be limited by applicable domestic or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law).
During the Advisory Period you shall receive a monthly payment equal to the quotient of (i) one (1) times the greater of (I) the sum of your Base Salary and Target Bonus as in effect as of immediately prior to execution of the Employment Agreement and (II) the sum of your Base Salary and Target Bonus as in effect immediately prior to your Separation divided by (ii) twelve (12).
The Bank shall have received the Borrower’s request for such Revolving Loan as required under Section 2.2.
The term of this Agreement shall be from and after the date hereof through and including the earlier of (i) the date on which the Customer has fully satisfied its obligations to Bank pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Bank Credit Agreement and Bank has released its lien on the Bank Collateral or (ii) the date on which Customer has satisfied its obligations to RCA pursuant to the terms of the RCA Purchase Agreement and Customer has terminated the RCA Purchase Agreement (the “ Term ” ).  Immediately upon the occurrence of the event described in the foregoing clause “ (ii), ” the Bank ’ s security interest and lien in the Specified Accounts shall automatically attach and Bank (a) shall no longer be deemed to have released from the Bank Collateral its security interest in and lien on the Specified Accounts Receivables and (ii) shall be permitted to take any and all such action as Bank shall deem necessary and appropriate to evidence Bank ’ s first priority perfected security interest in such Specified Accounts, including without limitation the filing of UCC financing statements.  In the event the Customer has satisfied its obligations to RCA pursuant to the terms of the RCA Purchase Agreement, the Customer has terminated the RCA Purchase Agreement, RCA has received payment in full for all purchased Specified Accounts Receivable and the Customer has not satisfied its obligations to Bank under the terms of the Bank Credit Agreement, then (i) this Agreement shall be deemed terminated, except as to any obligations due by RCA or Bank to the other under Section 7 hereof, and (ii) Bank shall no longer be deemed to have released from the Bank Collateral its security interest in and lien on the Specified Accounts Receivable.
Each Borrower hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless each Issuing Lender and any of its Affiliates that has issued a Letter of Credit from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, taxes, penalties, interest, judgments, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel and allocated costs of internal counsel) which such Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, other than as a result of (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Issuing Lender as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (B) the wrongful dishonor by such Issuing Lender or any of such Issuing Lender’s Affiliates of a proper demand for payment made under any Letter of Credit, except if such dishonor resulted from any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or Official Body.
Each of the Borrower and the Significant Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its material properties and assets, except for defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes and that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such property or assets is subject to any Lien except as permitted by Section 6.2 .
In the event of any Dispute, the Parties will first attempt to resolve such Dispute by referring it to the senior management of the Parties and Transporter (if applicable) for resolution. If such Dispute has not been resolved within fifteen (15) Days after such referral to the senior management of the Parties and Transporter (if applicable), then any Dispute (other than a Dispute submitted to an Expert under Section 22.2.1) shall be exclusively and definitively resolved through final and binding arbitration, it being the intention of the Parties that this is a broad form arbitration agreement designed to encompass all possible Disputes under this Agreement.
Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as separate and independent from any other provision or agreement herein and shall be enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of any such other provision or agreement.  In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement or any other PMH Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
All provisions of this Mortgage shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.
Governing Law .  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, unless expressly set forth therein, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York (including Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), without reference to the conflicts of law principles thereof.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrowers shall indemnify all applicable Lenders for breakage costs incurred in connection with the Specified Prepayment and the Commitment Reduction in accordance with Section 2.13 of the Existing Credit Agreement.
Each Plan to which any Seller, Guarantor or its Subsidiaries make direct contributions, and, to the knowledge of each Seller, each other Plan and each Multiemployer Plan, is in compliance in all material respects with, and has been administered in all material respects in compliance with, the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other Federal or State law.
There is no pending Proceeding against the Shareholder that involves the Shares or that challenges, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying or making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, to the knowledge of the Shareholder, no such Proceeding has been threatened, and no event or circumstance exists that is reasonably likely to give rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any such Proceeding.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used as set forth in Section 3.13 .  No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and each Borrower shall procure that its Subsidiaries shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (A) for any payments to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country in violation of any Sanctions, or (C) in any other manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
The terms and conditions (including, without limitation, the exercise period of the Stock Appreciation Right, the vesting schedule applicable thereto and the impact of any termination of service on the Participant’s rights with respect to the Stock Appreciation Right) applicable with respect to (i) Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem with an Option shall be substantially identical (to the extent possible taking into account the differences related to the character of the Stock Appreciation Right) to the terms and conditions applicable to the tandem Options and (ii) freestanding Stock Appreciation Rights shall be substantially identical (to the extent possible taking into account the differences related to the character of the Stock Appreciation Right) to the terms and conditions that would have been applicable under Section 6 above were the grant of the Stock Appreciation Rights a grant of an Option. In no event shall the term of a Stock Appreciation Right exceed a period of ten years from the date of grant.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive (in accordance with the policies and procedures in effect for senior executives of the Company) in connection with the Executive’s services under this Agreement. The Executive shall account to the Company for expenses in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Company.
Any Proceeding seeking to obtain a pre-arbitral injunction, pre-arbitral attachment or other order in aid of arbitration in connection with this Agreement shall and may be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery or, where such court does not have jurisdiction, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware (“ Delaware Courts ”), and each of the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts thereto) in any such Proceeding and irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to venue laid therein, any objection on the grounds of forum non conveniens, or any objection based on or on account of its place of incorporation or domicile, which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such Proceeding in any Delaware Court (and of the appropriate appellate courts thereto). Each Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents and agrees that service of process in any such Proceeding may be served on any Party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the State of Delaware, in any manner permitted by Applicable Law or, without limiting the foregoing, in the manner provided for notices in Section 8.01 .
The Parties shall with reasonable diligence do all things and provide all reasonable assurances as may be required to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and each Party shall provide such further documents or instruments required by any other Party as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to effect the purpose of this Agreement and to carry out its provisions, whether before or after the Closing.
In the event of any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.1 , there shall be no further liability or obligation hereunder on the part of any party hereto with respect to which this Agreement is terminated; provided , however , that the covenants set forth in Section 2.1(e) , Section 3.1(a)(i) and Section 3.2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement until the Termination (as defined in the SPV LPA) of the Investor pursuant to the SPV LPA; nothing contained in this Agreement (including this Section 5.2 ) shall relieve any party from liability for any Willful Breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement, in each case, which occurred prior to such termination.
The parties agree to cooperate fully and execute any and all further documents and to take all additional actions which may be necessary or appropriate to give full force and effect to the basic terms and intent of this Agreement.
The term of Executive’s employment with the Company shall commence on the consummation of the spin-off from HCP, Inc. (“ HCP ”) of the Company (such spin-off, the “ Spin ” and such date, the “ Effective Date ”) and shall continue until and including the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date unless earlier terminated as provided herein (the “ Term ”).  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall automatically terminate without any action on the part of any person and be void ab initio if the Spin is not consummated and neither the Company nor any other person shall have any liability to Executive under this Agreement if the Spin is not consummated.
All notices hereunder will be in writing and sent by certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or fax, if sent to Rodman, at the address set forth on the first page hereof, e-mail: notices@rodm.com, Attention: Head of Investment Banking, and if sent to the Company, to the address set forth on the first page hereof, email: jmcgorry@biostage.com and tmcnaughton@biostage.com, Attention: Chief Executive Officer. Notices sent by certified mail shall be deemed received five days thereafter, notices sent by hand delivery or overnight delivery shall be deemed received on the date of the relevant written record of receipt, and notices delivered by fax shall be deemed received as of the date and time printed thereon by the fax machine.
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 5 SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and their respective permitted assigns.
Subject to the provisions of Section 8.2(a) , each of the Term Agent, the Term Lenders, each Credit Party and each of their Related Persons, is authorized (but not required) to transmit, post or otherwise make or communicate, in its sole discretion, Electronic Transmissions in connection with any Loan Document and the transactions contemplated therein. Each Credit Party and each Secured Party acknowledges and agrees that the use of Electronic Transmissions is not necessarily secure and that there are risks associated with such use, including risks of interception, disclosure and abuse and each indicates it assumes and accepts such risks by hereby authorizing the transmission of Electronic Transmissions.
Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except to the extent that the failure to have such title or leasehold interest could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect .  The property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is subject to no material Liens, other than Permitted Liens.
Each Loan Party will comply with all Applicable Laws and the orders of any Governmental Authority except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party shall: (a) conduct its operations and keep and maintain its Real Estate in compliance with all Environmental Laws; and (b) implement any and all investigation, remediation, removal and response actions that are necessary to comply with Environmental Laws pertaining to the presence, generation, treatment, storage, use, disposal, transportation or Release of any Hazardous Materials on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its Real Estate. The Loan Parties shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent promptly after such Person becomes aware of any violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Laws or any Release on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any Real Estate that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) promptly forward to Administrative Agent a copy of any order, notice, request for information or any communication or report received by such Person in connection with any such violation or Release or any other matter that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, in each case whether or not any Governmental Authority has taken or threatened any action in connection with any such violation, Release or other matter.
Without limiting anything in this Section   2 , CAC will, and will cause its controlled subsidiaries to, use its commercially reasonable efforts and continue to cooperate with the Company and other parties in the implementation of the Restructuring, including providing, making available and/or providing access to the premises, properties, businesses, operations, books and records and other information that is reasonably requested in connection with implementing the Restructuring (subject to existing confidentiality obligations among various parties, attorney/client and other privileges and immunities and other customary limitations appropriate under the circumstances) and responding timely, and causing applicable personnel (including CES personnel) to respond timely, to such requests.
The Loan and Security Agreement and any and all other documents executed in connection with the Loan and Security Agreement, including, without limitation, any Amendments thereto, shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as the “Loan Documents”.  Capitalized terms used herein and in the recitals hereto, but not defined herein or therein, shall have the meaning given them in the Loan Documents.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that damages at law are an inadequate remedy for any breach of this Agreement and that, in the event of any breach by a party, the Company, the Manager and the other parties hereto are and shall be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, entitled to obtain a decree or decrees of specific performance entitling it or them to seek a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or permanent injunction to specifically enforce and require specific performance by such breaching party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Section 10.7 shall be deemed a waiver of any claim or defense of any party hereto to an action brought by any other party under this Section 10.7, except as specifically set forth herein with respect to entitlement to specific performance.
The Executive shall be responsible for the payment of any and all required federal, state, local and foreign taxes incurred, or to be incurred, in connection with any amounts payable to the Executive under this Agreement.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company Group may withhold from amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, local and foreign taxes, including without limitation any applicable employment taxes that are required to be withheld by applicable laws and regulations.
The provisions of this Article II shall terminate with respect to all entities other than the Company immediately prior to the consummation of an initial Public Offering or Qualified Merger.
This document incorporates into one document all of the provisions of the Plan, as amended and in effect as of August 1, 2016.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of the lesser of $120,000 or one percent (1%) of the average of the Company’s total assets at year end of the last two completed fiscal years other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.
The insurance policies held by Parent (collectively, the “ Insurance Policies ”) are of the type and in the amounts customarily carried by Persons conducting a business similar to Parent and Company and are sufficient for compliance with all applicable Laws and contracts to which Parent or Company is a party or by which it is bound. There are no claims related to the Business pending under any of the Insurance Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or in respect of which there is an outstanding reservation of rights. None of Parent or any of its Affiliates is in default under, or has otherwise failed to comply with, in any material respect, any provision in any such Insurance Policy.
In calculating the threshold set forth in Sections 7.2(b)(i) and the amounts otherwise payable to an Indemnified Party, the amount of any indemnified Losses shall be computed net of (i) payments actually recovered by the Indemnified Party under any insurance policy with respect to such Losses (after giving effect to any applicable deductible or retention and any out of pocket costs incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection therewith), and (ii) any amounts actually recovered by the Indemnified Party from any other Person with respect to such Losses (after giving effect to any out of pocket costs incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection therewith). In the event an insurance recovery or third party recovery relating to an indemnification payment is received after the Indemnifying Party or the Agent, as the case may be, has made an indemnification payment under this Agreement that did not take into account such insurance recovery or third party recovery, the Indemnified Party shall promptly pay the Indemnifying Party or the Agent, as the case may be, an amount equal to the lesser of such insurance recovery or third party recovery and the amount of the related indemnification payment. Each Indemnified Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the amount of Losses for which it may be entitled to indemnification hereunder.
This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer and the Seller.  By an instrument in writing, the Buyer, on the one hand, or the Seller, on the other hand, may waive compliance by the other with any term or provision of this Agreement that such other party was or is obligated to comply with or perform.
This Agreement and each other Document constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser and the Collateral Agent, enforceable against the Purchaser or the Collateral Agent as the case may be in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability.
Buyer is hereby directed to withhold from the proceeds allocable to the sale and delivery of crude oil hereunder the amount of severance taxes.
The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 hereof shall be true and correct on such date in all respects.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which constitutes an original, but all of which, taken together, constitute the same instrument.
The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries each have good and valid title to, or valid leasehold interest in, all material Property owned by it, and all such assets and Property are subject to no Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances and other Liens permitted under Section 8.03.  The Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries have good record and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests in, its owned or leased Mortgaged Real Property.  Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, neither the business nor the properties of any Loan Party is affected by any Force Majeure Event.
If Guarantor fails to timely perform its obligations under this Guaranty, Lender may from time to time, and without first requiring performance by Borrower or exhausting any or all security for the Loan, bring any action at law or in equity or both to compel Guarantor to perform its obligations hereunder, and to collect in any such action compensation for all documented Losses and Liabilities actually sustained or incurred by Lender for the failure of Guarantor to perform its obligations, together with interest thereon at the highest rate of interest then applicable to the Principal Amount of the Loan as set forth in the Note or the Loan Agreement.
Upon payment in full of all outstanding Debenture and Fee Debentures purchased hereunder, together with all other charges, fees and costs due and payable under this Agreement or under any of the Transaction Documents, the Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the Buyer.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may request an Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit in Dollars for the account of Borrower or the account of a Subsidiary under the Revolving Facility ( provided that Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and be jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Subsidiary). If at any time there is more than one Issuing Bank hereunder, Borrower may, in its discretion, select which Issuing Bank is to issue any particular Letter of Credit. The Issuing Banks shall have no obligation to issue, and no Borrower shall request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit at any time if after giving effect to such issuance, (i) the LC Exposure would exceed $35,000,000 or (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the lesser of (x) the Total Revolving Credit Commitments and (y) the Borrowing Base. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by Borrower to, or entered into by Borrower with, any Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. No Issuing Bank shall be required to issue any Letter of Credit that is not a standby Letter of Credit.
Nothing contained herein will confer upon the Executive the right to be retained in the service of the Company or its subsidiaries, nor will it interfere with the right of the Company or its subsidiaries to discharge or otherwise deal with the Executive without regard to the existence of this Agreement. This Agreement (which expressly includes the Preamble), together with those certain agreements expressly referred to herein, constitute the sole and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter.
Upon Changes in Capitalization, Merger, Asset Sale, Dissolution or Liquidation .
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio applicable to contracts made and performed entirely in Ohio, without regard to any law that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
Mr. Schultz hereby covenants that at any time after his Retirement Date, or any earlier Termination of his employment with the Bank, he will cooperate with the Bank to the extent reasonably necessary to assist in the transition of his responsibilities and in any litigation or administrative proceedings involving any matters with which Mr. Schultz was involved during his employment. The Bank will reimburse Mr. Schultz for reasonable expenses, if any, incurred in providing such assistance.
GTHC and Avalon agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each other from and against any liability or expense arising out of any claim asserted by any third party for brokerage or finder's fees or agent's commissions, based on an allegation that the other impliedly or expressly engaged such claimant as a finder, broker or agent, or brought such claimant into the negotiations between Avalon and GTHC.
Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries own, or hold licenses in, or otherwise has the rights to use, all material trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, and licenses that are necessary to the conduct of its business as currently conducted.
Vendor is a non-reporting company and financials are unaudited.  It a condition of the release of the Purchase Price from escrow are that the financial statements be audited by auditors licensed by the PCAOB to ensure disclosure of the financial condition and operating results for the last two years under the rules of United States generally accepted accounting principles (“US GAAP”) or from the date of incorporation of the Company whatever is greater.
In the event that the Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Buyer on or before the third (3rd) Business Day following the date of this Agreement due to the Company’s or such Buyer’s failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections   6 and  7 above (and the nonbreaching party’s failure to waive such unsatisfied condition(s)), the nonbreaching party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement with respect to such breaching party at the close of business on such date without liability of any party to any other party; provided , however , that if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section   9.k , the Company shall be obligated to reimburse each of the Buyers (so long as such Buyer is not a breaching party) for its reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees and expenses) associated with the Closing.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Period may necessitate the Executive's cooperation in the future. Accordingly, during the twenty-four (24) month period following the termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by the Company, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company, the Company Affiliates and its or their counsel, in connection with matters arising out of or relating in any way to the Executive's service to the Company and the Company Affiliates, including information requests relating to the business or affairs of the Company or any Company Affiliate, as well as any investigation, litigation, arbitration or other proceeding related to the business or affairs of the Company or any Company Affiliate, other than in connection with any dispute between the Executive and the Company or any Company Affiliate; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive's other activities, including limiting Executive’s travel to the extent reasonably possible. The cooperation includes the Executive making himself available for reasonable periods of time (with due regard for his other commitments) upon reasonable notice to the Executive in any such litigation or investigation and providing testimony before or during such litigation or investigation. The Executive shall be entitled to a per diem amount based on the Executive’s then-prevailing rate of compensation for any cooperation that the Executive provides at the Company’s election. In addition, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation.
Neither of the Credit Parties are in material violation of any term of or in default under its certificate or articles of incorporation or bylaws or other governing documents. Neither of the Credit Parties are in material violation of any judgment, decree or order or to the best of their knowledge, any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Credit Parties and material to their business. Schedule 6.19 sets forth all United States federal andstate regulatory licenses and foreign regulatory licenses which to Credit Parties’ knowledge, are necessary to conduct the respective businesses of the Credit Parties, and except as set forth on Schedule 6.19, all of such United State federal and state regulatory licenses and foreign regulatory licenses are valid and in effect and none of the Credit Parties have received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such United State federal and state regulatory licenses and foreign regulatory licenses.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SECTION 9.14 AND SECTION 9.17 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AGREEMENT MUTATIS MUTANDIS AND SHALL APPLY HERETO.
Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid.  Mailed notices to Employee shall be addressed to Employee at the home address that Employee most recently communicated to the Company in writing.  In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Secretary.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed (both as to validity and performance) and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Florida applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within such jurisdiction, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law or where the parties are located at the time a dispute arises.
Company agrees to continue Employee’s medical benefits through October 31, 2016.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the substantive Laws of the State of New York, except for any Laws of that state that would require the application of the substantive Laws of a different jurisdiction.
Subject to the next sentence of this Section 9 , the obligations and liabilities of Indemnitor under this Agreement shall survive the payment in full of the Indebtedness. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if, (a) at any time after the fourth (4 th ) anniversary of repayment in full of the Indebtedness, whether at maturity, as a result of acceleration, in connection with prepayment or otherwise, (b) with respect to any Property that is released from the lien of the applicable Mortgage in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement, at any time after the fourth (4 th ) anniversary of the effective date of the release of such Property, or (c) in the event Sponsor is replaced in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement, upon the delivery to Indemnitee of a replacement environmental indemnity substantially in the form hereof and otherwise reasonably acceptable to Indemnitee by such Person acceptable to Indemnitee in its reasonable discretion, at any time after the fourth (4 th ) anniversary of the effective date of such replacement environmental indemnity, Indemnitee is provided with an updated Environmental Report of the related Property indicating to Indemnitee’s reasonable satisfaction that there are no Hazardous Substances located on, in, above or under such Property in violation of any applicable Environmental Laws or constituting a recognized environmental condition (except for Hazardous Substances to the extent specifically identified in the executive summary or conclusions section of the Environmental Report delivered to Lender on the Closing Date), then the obligations and liabilities of Indemnitor under this Agreement shall cease and terminate with respect to such Property. In addition and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Indemnitor shall have no liability under this Agreement for (i) any act, event or condition first arising on or after (and not prior to) the earliest to occur of the date: (a) of the transfer of title to one hundred percent (100%) of the Properties to Lender (or any of its affiliates or designees or a purchaser at foreclosure) pursuant to a foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure, exercise of power of sale or otherwise of Lender’s lien under the Loan Documents or (b) of the transfer of title to one hundred percent (100%) of the Mezzanine Loan Collateral to Mezzanine Lender (or any of its affiliates or designees or a purchaser at foreclosure) pursuant to a foreclosure, assignment in lieu of foreclosure, exercise of power of sale or otherwise of Mezzanine Lender’s lien under the Mezzanine Loan Documents, and (ii) where such act, event or condition referred to in clause (i) was not caused by actions or omissions of Indemnitor, Master Tenant, or any of their respective Affiliates.
This Amendment, together with the Employment Agreement (to the extent not amended hereby), represents the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede any and all previous contracts, arrangements or understandings between the parties.
The validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be subject to and construed under the laws of the State of Missouri, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
Each of Borrower and Borrower Representative has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its formation, with requisite power and authority, and all rights, licenses, permits and authorizations, governmental or otherwise, necessary to own its properties and to transact the business in which it is now engaged. Each of Borrower and Borrower Representative is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so qualified in connection with its properties, business and operations. Borrower is a Special Purpose Entity.
To the extent any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or enforceable with respect to Employee, it shall be considered deleted herefrom with respect to Employee and the remainder of such provision and this Agreement shall be unaffected and shall continue in full force and effect.  In furtherance to and not in limitation of the foregoing, should the duration or geographical extent of, or business activities covered by, any provision of this Agreement be in excess of that which is valid and enforceable under applicable law with respect to Employee, then such provision shall be construed to cover only that duration, extent or activities which are validly and enforceably covered with respect to Employee.  Employee acknowledges the uncertainty of the law in this respect and expressly stipulates that this Agreement be given the construction which renders its provisions valid and enforceable to the maximum extent (not exceeding its expressed terms) possible under applicable laws.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties regarding the matters addressed herein, and fully supersedes any prior agreements or understandings regarding such matters between the parties.
The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Initial Closing and the Subsequent Closing.
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the acquisition and performance of the servicing responsibilities by Servicer, the transactions contemplated hereby, nor the fulfillment of or compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of Servicer’s charter or by-laws or any legal restriction or any agreement or instrument to which Servicer is now a party or by which it is bound, or constitute a default or result in an acceleration under any of the foregoing, unless such conflict or breach could not be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Servicer, materially impair or interfere with the ability of Servicer to service the Loans, or materially impair the aggregate value, collectability or performance of the Loans.
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally, if delivered by overnight courier service , or if mailed by registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses or sent via facsimile to the respective facsimile numbers, as the case may be, as set forth below, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt; provided, however, that (i) notices sent by personal delivery or overnight courier shall be deemed given when delivered; (ii) notices sent by facsimile transmission shall be deemed given upon the sender ’ s receipt of confirmation of complete transmission; and (iii) notices sent by registered mail shall be deemed given two (2) days after the date of deposit in the mail .
The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by him during the Term in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company. In addition to the foregoing, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for (i) all reasonable and documented expenses related to his relocation to the Canonsburg, PA area in connection with the commencement of his services hereunder in accordance with the Company’s standard executive relocation policy, a copy of which has been provided to the Executive (the “Relocation Policy”), except that the Company agrees to reimburse the Executive for the real estate agent fees paid in connection with the sale of his primary residence, which fee reimbursement shall not count towards the dollar maximum set forth in the Relocation Policy, and the Compensation Committee of the Board must approve any further exceptions (if any) to the Relocation Policy; and (ii) up to $52,500 as reimbursement of legal expenses related to the negotiation of this Agreement and any agreements referenced herein promptly following the execution of this Agreement.
The Company shall withhold the amount of any federal, state, local or other tax, charge or assessment attributable to the grant of any Award or lapse of restrictions under any Award as it may deem necessary or appropriate, in its sole discretion.
All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein; provided that, for the sake of clarity, all payments made in respect of the Singapore Term Loans shall be made through the Singapore Agent at its Administrative Agent’s Office. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
If any term of provision of this Agreement is determined to be illegal, unenforceable or invalid in whole or in part for any reason, such illegal, unenforceable or invalid provisions or party thereof shall be stricken from this Agreement, and such provision shall not affect the legality, enforceability or validity of the remainder of this Agreement. If any provision or part thereof of this Agreement is stricken in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.9 , then such stricken provision shall be replaced, to extent possible, with a legal, enforceable and valid provision that is as similar in tenor to the stricken provision as is legally possible.
Except as provided in this Agreement, shares of Restricted Stock are not transferable and are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture until vested as set forth in Section 2(b).  The Grantee’s interest in the Restricted Stock shall become transferable and nonforfeitable as of the vesting dates provided in Section 2(b) (each, a “Vesting Date”), provided the Grantee is an employee of the Company or an affiliate of the Company on the Vesting Date and has been an employee throughout the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the applicable Vesting Date.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings (including without limitation that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Purchasers dated as of May 11 , 2016) , oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. At or after the applicable Closing, and without further consideration, the Company will execute and deliver to the Purchasers such further documents as may be reasonably requested in order to give practical effect to the intention of the parties under the Transaction Documents.
Except for transactions between or among Loan Parties, sell or transfer any property or assets to, or purchase or acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in (a) any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may engage in any of the foregoing transactions (i) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, or (ii) that have been either (x) approved by a majority of the independent members of the board of directors of the Borrower having no, direct or indirect, personal stake or economic interest in such transactions and certified by a Financial Officer or executive officer of the Borrower as being on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from a Person who is not such an Affiliate or (y) have been determined by a nationally recognized independent appraisal or investment banking firm to be fair, from a financial standpoint, to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and are on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from a Person who is not such an Affiliate; and (b), without duplication, (i) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.06; (ii) any employment agreements entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and any issuance of securities, or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans or similar employee benefit plans approved in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower or of a Subsidiary, as appropriate; provided , that any such issuance, payment, award or grant constituting a Restricted Payment is otherwise permitted by Section 6.06; (iii) the grant of stock options or similar rights to employees and directors of the Borrower pursuant to plans approved by the board of directors of the Borrower; (iv) loans or advances to employees in the ordinary course of business which are approved by a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower in good faith, to the extent permitted by Section 6.04(e); (v) the payment of customary compensation and reasonable fees to, and indemnity provided on behalf of, directors, officers, consultants and employees of Holdings, of the Borrower and of the Subsidiaries; provided , that any such payment constituting a Restricted Payment is otherwise permitted by Section 6.06; (vi) any purchase by Holdings of Equity Interests of the Borrower or contributions by Holdings to the equity capital of the Borrower; provided that any Equity Interests of the Borrower purchased by Holdings shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agreement; (vii) transactions with wholly owned Subsidiaries for the purchase or sale of goods, products, parts and services entered into in the ordinary course of business in a manner consistent with past practice and (viii) the entry into and performance of any tax sharing agreement permitted by Section 6.06.
This Joinder Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute one contract.  Delivery of an executed signature page to this Joinder Agreement by facsimile transmission or by email as a “.pdf” or “.tif” attachment shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Joinder.
No Individual Borrower nor Operating Lessee will cause or permit any change to be made in its name, identity (including its trade name or names), or its corporate or partnership or other structure unless it shall have first notified Lender in writing of such change at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such change, and shall have first taken all reasonable action required by Lender for the purpose of perfecting or protecting the lien and security interests of Lender pursuant to this Agreement, and the other Loan Documents and, in the case of a change in its structure, without first obtaining the prior written consent of Lender, which consent may be given or denied in Lender’s sole discretion. Upon Lender’s request, each Borrower and Operating Lessee (as applicable) shall, at its sole cost and expense, execute and deliver additional security agreements and other instruments which may be necessary to effectively evidence or perfect Lender’s security interest in the applicable Individual Property as a result of such change. Each Borrower’s and Operating Lessee’s principal place of business and chief executive office, and the place where Borrower and Operating Lessee keeps its books and records, including recorded data of any kind or nature, regardless of the medium or recording, including software, writings, plans, specifications and schematics, has been for the preceding four months (or, if less, the entire period of the existence of Borrower and Operating Lessee) and will continue to be the address of Borrower or Operating Lessee set forth at the introductory paragraph of this Agreement (unless Borrower or Operating Lessee (as applicable) notifies Lender in writing at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of such change). Each Borrower and Operating Lessee shall promptly notify Lender of any change in its organizational identification number. If each Borrower or Operating Lessee does not now have an organizational identification number and later obtains one, it shall promptly notify Lender of such organizational identification number.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person), a Defaulting Lender or any Borrower or any of such Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participations.
The Parties agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other Party and shall reimburse the other Party for, from and against each claim, loss, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, interest, penalties, costs of preparation and investigation, and the reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors), directly or indirectly relating to, resulting from or arising out of: (a) Any untrue representation, misrepresentation, breach of warranty or non-fulfilment of any covenant, undertaking, agreement or other obligation by or of the party contained herein; (b) Any acts and omissions of the Party; or (c) Any other losses incidental to any of the foregoing. Furthermore, Seller agrees that, to the extent any liability or claims becomes known after the Effective Date and such liability allegedly accrued prior to the Effective Date, Seller shall indemnify and hold Buyer harmless under this section and in the manner proscribed herein.
Neither the Company, the Guarantor nor any of their Subsidiaries is in violation of or default on any term of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or other charter documents, as each is in effect as of the date hereof (collectively, the “ Charter Documents ”), or any provision of any material mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation or other restriction to which the Company, the Guarantor or such Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound or of any material provision of any Law applicable to the Company, the Guarantor or any such Subsidiary. Each of (A) the execution, delivery and performance by the Company and the Guarantor of the Loan Documents, (B) the compliance herewith and therewith, (C) the issuance by the Company of this Note, and (D) the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (A) through (D), will not result in any violation of or result in a breach of any of the terms of, or constitute a default under, (i) any provision of any material Law applicable to the Company, the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) the Charter Documents, or (iii) any provision of any material mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, instrument, or other restriction to which the Company, the Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries is a party or by which they are bound.
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The board of directors of the Company has duly approved this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement and all other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms.
Each Party shall take, or cause to be taken, any and all reasonable actions, including the execution, acknowledgment, filing and delivery of any and all documents and instruments that any other Party may reasonably request in order to effect the intent and purpose of this Transition Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Company and Parent shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges which the Company or Parent is required to withhold.
No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further such exercise. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of, or noncompliance with, any term or condition. All waivers must be in writing and signed by the Party sought to be bound thereby.
The PRSUs are intended to align your long-term interests with the long-term interests of the Company. If you engage in certain activities discussed below, either during employment with the Company or after such employment terminates for any reason, the Company may terminate any outstanding, unexpired or unpaid PRSUs (“Termination”), rescind any payment or delivery pursuant to the PRSUs (“Rescission”) or recapture any cash or any Common Stock or proceeds from your sale of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the PRSUs (“Recapture”), as more fully described below and to the extent permitted by applicable law. For purposes of this Section 27, Competitive Organization or Business is defined as those corporations, institutions, individuals, or other entities identified by the Company as competitive or working to become competitive in the Company’s most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K.
THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULE OR PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder as set forth on Schedule 4.9 and, other than as expressly set forth on such schedule, for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Company’s business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.
Company covenants and agrees that in the event that this Note is secured by Collateral, Company shall timely execute any and all documents necessary or advisable in order to release such security interest and Collateral to Investor, or Investor’s designee, upon the earlier of (i) the date this Note is paid in full and (ii) the date that is six (6) months and three (3) days following the date such Collateral is given as security for this Note, or such later date as determined in the sole discretion of Investor (the “ Release Date ”). For the avoidance of doubt, as of the date hereof, there is no collateral securing this Note, and after the Release Date, as applicable, there shall be no collateral securing this Note .
This Agreement, and the other documents and agreements referred to herein or entered into concurrently herewith embody the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein; provided that such other agreements and documents shall not be deemed to be a part of, a modification of or an amendment to this Agreement.  There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, wherever a conflict exists between this Agreement and the Securityholders Agreement, the provisions of the Securityholders Agreement shall control, but solely to the extent of such conflict.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Preferred Unitholders acknowledge and agree that, effective as of the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Unpaid Preferred Return (as defined in the Prior Agreement) is $0.
KeyBank and Subservicer each further agrees, at its own cost, and without expense to the other party, to do, execute, acknowledge, and deliver all and every such further agreements, instruments, acts, deeds, conveyances, financing statements, assignments, notices of assignments, transfers, and assurances as are required from time to time for carrying out the intention of facilitating the performance of the terms of the Subservicing Agreement and this Amendment.
The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are customary in the businesses in which the Company is engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.
The Company shall withhold from the Severance Benefit Payment all federal, state, city or other taxes and any other withholding as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling at the time payment is received.
Executive is hereby employed as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. In his capacity as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Executive shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with such position as shall be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In his capacity as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
The rights and obligations of the Stockholder pursuant to this Agreeme nt are not assignable .     Any attempted assignment of such rights and obligations in violation of this Section 3 .4 will be null and void.  The provisions of this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors.
(a) PPG hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance, notice of nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Guaranty and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any Borrower or any other Person or any collateral.
Each Loan Party (a) is a corporation or other form of legal entity, and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation, partnership or other form of legal entity, validly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, (b) has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted, (c) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or foreign partnership (or comparable foreign qualification, if applicable, in the case of any other form of legal entity), as the case may be, in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify will not have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) has full power and authority and holds all requisite material governmental licenses, permits and other approvals necessary to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party and to own or hold under lease its Property and to conduct its business substantially as currently conducted by it. No Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is an EEA Financial Institution.
Employee understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by him and delivered to the Company within twenty one (21) days of the Separation Date.  This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after Employee signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked under the terms of section 6 above before that date (the “Effective Date”).
Each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted. Except for such claims as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property, nor does the Borrower know of any valid basis for any such claim. Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the use of Intellectual Property by each Group Member does not infringe on the rights of any Person.
The Companies that are Loan Parties unconditionally and jointly and severally agree upon demand to pay to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the amount of any and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs, expenses and disbursements, including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including the allocated costs of staff counsel) for which reimbursement is customarily obtained, which the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may incur in connection with (a) the administration of this Agreement, (b) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or (c) the failure by the Companies to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof.
A Director shall be entitled to receive cash payments with respect to Fees deferred under the Interest Rate Deferral option together with interest accrued to the date of payment in each year of the applicable period as elected under Subparagraph 4(c); provided, however, that in the event payments commence based on a Director's Separation from Service, no payment shall be made earlier than six months after the date of such Separation from Service if the Director is then a Specified Employee, in which case any suspended payment shall occur on the earliest date permitted by this Subparagraph and Section 409A. The amount of cash to be paid each year with respect to the amount of Interest Rate Deferrals from any Plan Year shall be computed by multiplying a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the number of years remaining in the applicable payment period for such Interest Rate Deferrals, by the remaining portion of such Interest Rate Deferrals plus accrued interest on such Deferred Fees (e.g., 1/10th is paid in the first year of a ten-year payment period; 1/9th of the remaining balance in the second year, 1/8th of the remaining balance in the third year, etc., over the ten years).
If any term or provision of any of the Loan Documents or the application of it shall to any extent be held by a court to be invalid and unenforceable, the remainder of the Loan Documents , or the application of such term or provision other than to the extent to which it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected.
The Recipient is required to provide sufficient funds to pay all withholding taxes. Pursuant to the Plan, the Company shall have the right to require the Recipient to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local or other withholding tax requirements if, when, and to the extent required by law (whether so required to secure for the Company an otherwise available tax deduction or otherwise) attributable to the Award awarded under this Agreement, including without limitation, the award or lapsing of stock restrictions on the Award. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be conditional on satisfaction of all such withholding obligations and the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Recipient. However, in such cases Recipient may elect, subject to any reasonable administrative procedures for timely compliance established by the Committee, to satisfy an applicable withholding requirement, in whole or in part, by having the Company withhold a portion of the shares of Stock to be issued under the Award to satisfy the Recipient’s tax obligations. The Recipient may only elect to have shares of Stock withheld having a Market Value on the date the tax is to be determined equal to the minimum statutory total withholding taxes arising upon the vesting of the Award. If the Recipient has not submitted an election on or before the thirtieth (30) day prior to a Vesting Date, Recipient shall be deemed to have elected to have shares withheld from the shares of Stock to be issued under the Award to satisfy the Recipient’s tax obligation. All elections shall be irrevocable, made in writing, signed by the Recipient, and shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee deems appropriate.
The payments referenced herein, including the severance benefits set forth in Section 2, shall be subject to reduction for all amounts required or authorized to be withheld by law, including all applicable U.S. federal, state, and local withholding taxes.
Each Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided to it herein, in the Indenture or in the Purchase Agreement or granted by law, including recovery of liquidated or other damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Company and the Guarantors agree that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by them of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby agree to waive in any action for specific performance the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including electronic, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” signature page were an original thereof.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section, or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of subsection (h) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary has filed all federal and other material Tax returns and reports to be filed, and has paid all federal and other material Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges, levied or imposed upon it or its properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed Tax assessment against any Loan Party or Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Loan Parties, taken as a whole.
This Guaranty contains the entire agreement between Landlord and Guarantor with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior writings and oral agreements. This Guaranty may not be modified orally, but only by a writing signed by both Guarantor and Landlord. Modifications include any waiver, change, discharge, modification or termination.
During the Interim Period and the Transition Period, the Executive will (i) receive his base salary as in effect on the Effective Date and (ii) participate in the Company’s retirement and welfare benefit plans, perquisite programs, expense reimbursement and vacation policies, as such plans, programs and policies may be in effect from time to time (collectively, the “ Plans ”).
This Agreement shall be binding upon all successors and assigns of each of the Parties to the Agreement.
Pledgor shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries, to make available to Agent and each Lender, without expense to Agent or any Lender, each such Person’s officers, employees and agents and books, to the extent that Agent or any Lender may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any third-party suit or proceedings instituted by or against Agent or any Lender with respect to any Collateral or relating to the Pledgor or its Subsidiaries.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications (collectively, “ Notices ”) given pursuant to this Agreement shall be electronic or in writing, and shall be delivered by email or by personal service, courier, facsimile transmission or by United States first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the party at the address set forth on the signature page to this Agreement.  Any Notice, other than a Notice sent by registered or certified mail, shall be effective when received; a Notice sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid return receipt requested, shall be effective on the earlier of when received or the fifth day following deposit in the United States mails.  Any party may from time to time change its address for further Notices hereunder by giving notice to the other party in the manner prescribed in this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may send the information set forth in Paragraphs 2.1 and 2.2 via email.
The Executive agrees that, following termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, the Executive shall upon reasonable advance notice, and to the extent it does not interfere with previously scheduled travel plans and does not unreasonably interfere with other business activities or employment obligations, assist and cooperate with the Company with regard to any matter or project in which the Executive was involved during the Executive's employment, including any litigation.  The Company shall compensate the Executive for any lost wages (or, if the Executive is not then employed, provide reasonable compensation as determined by the Compensation Committee) and expenses associated with such cooperation and assistance.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without reference to its conflict of laws principles. Subject to Section 12.3, the Parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of New York in the event that there is a dispute related to this Agreement.
All notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given at the time of receipt if delivered by hand or communicated by electronic transmission, or, if mailed, three days after deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid and addressed to the party to receive same, if to the Company, addressed to Mr. Rich Kaiser, CGO, at 590 York Road, Unit 3, Niagara On The Lake, Ontario, CANADA L0S 1J0, telephone (716) 803-0621, and e-mail XXXXX and if to the Employee, addressed to Mr. Paul Parliament at P.O. Box XXX  Post Office, St. David’s Ontario, XXXXX. telephone (905)-324-XXXX and e-mail XXXXX ; provided, however, that if either party shall have designated a different address by notice to the other given as provided above, then any subsequent notice shall be addressed to such party at the last address so designated.
Terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned thereto in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of the date hereof (as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect, the “ Sale and Servicing Agreement ”) among the Purchaser, as seller, Honda Auto Receivables 2016-3 Owner Trust, as Issuer, and the RPA Seller, as Servicer and Sponsor.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation, or other organizational document of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or bylaws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including foreign, federal and state securities laws) and applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company or its subsidiaries, and taking into account the Waivers required in Section 2.3(a).
This Release may be amended only upon a written agreement executed by the Bank and me.
This Guarantee and the other Credit Documents represent the agreement of each Guarantor with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no promises or representations by any Guarantor, the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not reflected herein or in the other Credit Documents.
Each of the respective rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder will be deemed independent and may be enforced independently irrespective of any of the other rights and obligations set forth herein. If any provision of this Release should be held illegal or invalid, such illegality or invalidity will not affect in any way other provisions hereof, all of which will continue, nevertheless, in full force and effect.
As provided in the Credit Agreement, but without limiting any terms or provisions thereof, each Obligor agrees to pay on demand, upon presentation of a statement of account, all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement, including without limitation the reasonable costs and fees of the Agent’s legal counsel, regardless of whether the Waiver Date occurs in accordance with the terms hereof.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.6, there is no litigation, suit, proceeding, action, claim, demand or investigation, at law or in equity, pending or threatened against or affecting the Company before any court, agency, Government Authority or arbitration tribunal, in each case related to the Purchased Assets or the Business. The Company has not received any opinion or legal advice in writing to the effect that it is exposed from a legal standpoint to any Liability related to the Purchased Assets or the Business. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no facts that would reasonably be expected to result in any such litigation, suit, proceeding, action, claim or investigation. The Company is not subject to or in default with respect to any notice, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court, agency, Government Authority or arbitration tribunal, in each case related to the Purchased Assets or the Business.
The paragraph headings that appear in this Amendment are for purposes of convenience of reference only and are not in any sense to be construed as modifying the substance of the paragraphs in which they appear.
The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received prior written notice from an Authorized Officer of Apache of an Additional Borrower becoming party to this Agreement at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date selected for such Additional Borrower to become party to this Agreement.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for all expenses reasonably and actually incurred in accordance with policies which may be adopted from time to time by the Company.
The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and, where applicable, good standing of the Credit Parties, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Credit Parties, this Agreement or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.
Each of the Company and Investor shall bear its own expenses in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each Party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by the other Parties hereto. Counterparts delivered by electronic transmission shall be deemed to be originally signed counterparts.
The Committee may make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, this Award in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (and shall make adjustments for the events described in Section 4.2 of the Plan) affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles in accordance with the Plan whenever the Committee determines that such events affect the Shares. Any such adjustments shall be effected in a manner that precludes the material enlargement of rights and benefits under this Award.
Within three (3) days after the Effective Date, Seller shall make available for review by Purchaser or its representatives at all times prior to the Closing (including during the Due Diligence Period) on a datasite (the “ DataSite ”), materials related to the Properties, which are in the actual possession of Seller, as Purchaser may reasonably request (collectively, the “ Diligence Materials ”); provided, that the foregoing obligation is not a Surviving Seller Representation and failure by Seller to provide any Diligence Materials shall not entitle Purchaser to seek specific performance or extend the Contingency Approval Date or the Scheduled Closing Date as a result thereof. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the following books and records (the “ Excluded Records ”) shall not be subject to review by Purchaser (including under this Section 5.2 ): all proprietary, privileged or confidential documents of Seller (or any affiliate thereof) relating to (i) any financing of the Properties, (iii) any Seller or affiliate income or franchise tax returns, (iv) any appraisal or valuation of the Properties, (v) any internal financial analysis or projections, (vi) any marketing studies or reports, (vii) any credit analysis, (viii) any prior offers to purchase any Property, (ix) any other materials related to Seller’s investment structure for purchasing and holding the Properties which do not relate to matters reasonably relevant to ownership of the Properties or (x) any matters subject to attorney-client privilege.
If one or more provisions of this Option Agreement are held to be unenforceable, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision will be excluded from this Option Agreement, (b) the balance of this Option Agreement will be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of this Option Agreement will be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The undersigned chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or other accounting officer reasonably approved by Agent of Borrower (or of the REIT) certifies in his or her capacity as an officer of Borrower or REIT, as applicable, and not individually, that Borrower is and will be in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Documents after giving effect to the making of the Loan requested hereby and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase, such Purchaser’s Closing Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser (an aggregate of $500,000 in Subscription Amount of Notes).  At the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Note, as determined pursuant to Section 2.3(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing.  Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4 for the Closing, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Purchaser’s counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
A Participant shall deliver to the Administrative Committee all directions, orders, designations, notices or other communications on appropriate forms to be furnished by the Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee shall also receive notices or other communications directed to Participants from the Trustee and transmit them to the Participants. All elections which may be made by a Participant under this Plan shall be made in a time, manner and form determined by the Administrative Committee unless a specific time, manner or form is set forth in the Plan.
From time to time and without additional consideration, each party hereto shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional transfers, assignments, endorsements, proxies, consents and other instruments, and shall take such further actions, as another party hereto may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out and furthering the intent of this Agreement.
If any indemnification provided for in this Article IV is determined by any arbitrator with authority to make such determination under this Article IV or by a Delaware federal or state court to be invalid, void or unenforceable, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, the Liability shall be apportioned between the Indemnitee and the Indemnifying Party in accordance with this Article IV .
The invalidity of any one or more of the words, phrases1 sentences, clauses or sections contained in this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining portions of this Agreement or any part thereof, all of which are inserted conditionally on their being valid in law, and in the event that any one or more of the words, phrases, sentences, clauses or sections contained in this Agreement shall be declared invalid, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid word or words, phrase or phrases, sentence or sentences, clause or clauses, or section or sections had not been inserted. If such invalidity is caused by length of time or size of area, or both, the otherwise invalid provision will be considered to be reduced to a period or area which would cure such invalidity.
ProSight and each Seller expressly and irrevocably releases each Buyer Party, its affiliates and their respective current and former officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons from any and all claims, demands and liabilities arising from or in respect of its ownership of the Shares or the Transaction (including any claim, demand or liability based on Tiptree’s possession, use or non-disclosure of the Information) (collectively, the “ Released Claims ”), and ProSight and each Seller agree to make no claim against each Buyer Party, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons in connection with the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 4 , the Released Claims shall not include, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall affect any claims with respect to (a) the right to receive payment of the purchase price contemplated herein and (b) any breach of this Agreement. Each party hereto acknowledges that (i) it is relying on the representations, warranties, acknowledgments and agreements in this Agreement of the other parties hereto as a condition to proceeding with the Transaction and (ii) without such representations, warranties, acknowledgments and agreements, such party would not enter into this Agreement or engage in the Transaction.
No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the authorized representative of the Party against whom such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification is sought to be enforced; provided , however , that the Partnership and the Operating Company may not, without the prior approval of the Conflicts Committee, agree to any amendment or modification of this Agreement that the General Partner determines will adversely affect the holders of Common Units.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be reasonable and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.  To the Company’s knowledge, since June 30, 2013 neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary, to the Company’s knowledge, will be unable to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect .
The Executive’s annual base salary is $485,100 , which is subject to review and redetermination by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”) from time to time. The annual base salary in effect at any given time is referred to herein as “Base Salary.” The Base Salary will be payable in a manner that is consistent with the Company’s usual payroll practices for senior executives.
All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be given in the manner prescribed in Section 11.02 of the Credit Agreement with respect to the Administrative Agent at its notice address therein and, with respect to any Guarantor, in the care of Weatherford International, LLC, as provided and at the notice address set forth in the Credit Agreement, or such other address or telecopy number as such party may hereafter specify for such purpose in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.02 of the Credit Agreement.
The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Common Stock hereunder for working capital and other general corporate purposes or, if different, in a manner consistent with the application thereof described in the Registration Statement. The Company will not, to its knowledge, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transaction, or lend, contribute, facilitate or otherwise make available such proceeds to any person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions Programs, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions.
Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of insurance coverage, in form, substance, amounts, covering risks and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where reasonably required by Bank, with lender loss payable endorsements in favor of Bank. Bank acknowledges that such evidence delivered by Borrower prior to the date of this Agreement is satisfactory to Bank.
This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement, and are intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein.  There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein, with respect to the registration rights granted by the Corporation with respect to Registrable Securities.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
The term of the Loan shall begin on the Effective Date and shall consist of a thirty‑six (36) month interest only payment period ending on July 31, 2019 (the “ Interest Only Period ”), followed by a one hundred twenty (120) month principal and interest payment period ending on the Maturity Date (the “ Amortization Period ”).
You and the COMPANY shall mutually agree to a date, time and place at which you shall return to the COMPANY the COMPANY property in your possession or control, including but not limited to, all paper records and documents, access cards and keys to any COMPANY facilities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all parties acknowledge that there may be additional follow up work requested of you after the Termination Date which may require access to certain COMPANY Equipment and records, and that you shall be entitled to retain same for ready access and assistance to the COMPANY for a reasonable time period, whereafter the COMPANY may request return of same. For avoidance of doubt, it is acknowledged that you own your cell phone and the phone number associated with it, your laptop and associated monitors and docking station and such property is not subject to the requirement in this provision to return COMPANY property.
The Employee’s RSUs shall vest only if both (i) the Employee satisfies the service-based vesting requirements in subsections (b), (c), (d) or (e) below, as applicable, and (ii) the Committee certifies that the performance-based vesting requirement in subsection (f) below has been achieved.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (i) the Company and its successors and assigns, and (ii) Director, and Director’s heirs, devisees, executors, administrators and personal representatives.
This Agreement embodies the entire and final agreement of the parties on the subject matter stated in this Agreement. No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the Employer or the Executive unless made in writing and signed by all parties. All prior understandings and agreements relating to the subject matter of this Agreement are hereby expressly terminated.
Each Party agrees that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Each Party agrees that, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by any other Party of any covenant or obligation contained in this Agreement, the non-breaching Party shall be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available to it whether in law or equity, including monetary damages) to (a) a decree or order of specific performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation, and (b) an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach.
Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of Subordinated Notes for general corporate purposes.
Air Products or another member of the Air Products Group shall amend the Air Products Defined Benefit Retirement Plans to provide that Versum Employees shall be vested in their accrued benefits under the Air Products Defined Benefit Retirement Plans as of the Employee Transfer Date.
IHS and the Borrowers, each other Loan Party (by its execution of the Loan Documents to which it is a party), the Administrative Agent and each Lender acknowledges that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review the Loan Documents with its legal counsel and that the Loan Documents shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the parties thereto.
All payments to be made to Holder shall be made in the lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds without setoff, counterclaim or deduction. Any payment received by Holder and its registered assigns after 4:00 p.m. (Buffalo, New York time) on any day, will be deemed to have been received on the next following Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holder acknowledges that one or more payments may be made on this note as a setoff payment pursuant to the Section 10.02 (e) of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof by and among the Company, the Holder and the other parties thereto.
Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this Release Agreement shall be subject to enforcement pursuant to the same procedures that apply to a breach of Paragraphs 4 or 5 of the Employment Agreement (as further detailed in Paragraph 15 of the Employment Agreement). Any other disputes concerning this Release Agreement shall be subject to resolution pursuant to Paragraph 15 of the Employment Agreement.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein shall survive the execution and delivery of the Agreement and the Seller hereby waives the benefit of the applicable statutes of limitations with respect to any of the covenants, agreements, representations and warranties set forth herein. It shall not be a defense in any action by the Purchaser against the Seller arising out of a breach of the Seller's covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein that the Purchaser knew or should have known of the existence of the related breach of such covenants, agreements, representations and warranties.
(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate.
Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason by giving not less than ninety (90) days prior written notice.
Except as amended by the provisions of this letter agreement, the terms and provisions contained in the Asset Purchase Agreement shall continue to govern the rights and obligations of the parties, and all provisions and covenants in the Asset Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as stated therein. This letter agreement and the Asset Purchase Agreement constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter thereof and hereof.
The Borrower and its Tax Affiliates have timely filed or caused to be filed all federal and all material state, local and non-U.S. Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and have paid or caused to be paid all Taxes shown therein to be due (including interest and penalties) and has paid all other material Taxes, except (yyyy) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which such Person has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (zzzz) Taxes which are not yet delinquent. There is no tax assessment proposed in writing, or to the knowledge of the Borrower, except for matters set forth on Schedule 3.9, threatened, against the Borrower or Tax Affiliates that could, if made, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower is not a party to any tax sharing agreement.
(a) The amendments provided for herein shall become effective on the date (the “ First Amendment Effective Date ”) on which the Administrative Agent shall have executed a counterpart of this Amendment and shall have received from the Company, each other Loan Party and Lenders constituting the Supermajority Lenders either (i) a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party or (ii) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a facsimile or other electronic transmission) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts and when signed by all of the parties shall constitute a single binding agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart to this Agreement by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (e.g., “.pdf”) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed original.
The Optionee agrees to make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining the Optionee ) for the satisfaction of all Federal, state, local and foreign income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise.   The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise.
The Plan shall be construed, interpreted and the rights of the parties determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware).
Upon the re quest of Administrative Agent, execute and/or deliver any additional agreements, documents and instruments, and take such further actions as may be reasonably requested by Administrative Agent from time to time, to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Guaranty and the other Loan Documents.
(a) Immediately following the consummation of the transactions to occur on the ARCA Effective Date, including the making of the New Credit Agreement Loans and the application of the proceeds thereof, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are, on a consolidated basis, Solvent.
The Grantors shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, but limited to no more than one counsel and, if applicable, one local and one regulatory counsel in each applicable jurisdiction) in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section 9.12 , or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued under the Credit Agreement, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.
Immediately after the Closing (i) the Seller expects to be able to pay all creditors in a timely manner; and (ii) no solvency proceeding of any character, including bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization, composition or arrangement with creditors (including any assignment for the benefit of creditors), voluntary or involuntary, affecting the Assets or the Seller is pending or is currently being contemplated by Seller or, to the knowledge of Seller, is being threatened against Seller. The Seller has not made any assignment for the benefit of creditors or taken any action in contemplation of, or which would constitute the basis for, the institution of any such insolvency proceedings.
Communication between the Servicer and Designated Persons shall be conducted in a manner (dependent in part on the parties at issue in the litigation as well as the law applicable to that litigation) so as to not waive the attorney-client privilege or the work product doctrine evidentiary privilege.
The Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the “SEC Documents”). The Company has delivered to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to February 29, 2016, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. For the avoidance of doubt, filing of the documents required in this Section 3(g) via the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (“EDGAR”) shall satisfy all delivery requirements of this Section 3(g).
If any part of this Amendment is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under applicable Laws as defined in the Original Agreement, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before August 9, 2016; provided , however , that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
Schedule 4.13(b)  is a complete and correct list of each Lien securing Indebtedness of any Person outstanding on the Sixth Restatement Effective Date the aggregate principal or face amount of which equals or exceeds (or may equal or exceed) $1,000,000 and covering any property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and the aggregate Indebtedness secured (or that may be secured) by each such Lien and the property covered by each such Lien is correctly described in Schedule 4.13(b) .
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(w) or the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or its subsidiaries and none of the employees of the Company or its subsidiaries is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (other than for services as employees, officers and directors required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act).
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by electronic or facsimile transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement.
This Agreement, together with the Exhibits, Schedules, Service Orders and the other agreements executed on the date hereof in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement dated as of August 31, 2016 by and among the Partnership and PBF Energy Company LLC, constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the Parties in connection therewith.
This Agreement, together with the Proprietary Inventions and Assignment Agreement and the standard forms of equity award grants that describe Executive's outstanding equity awards, represent the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and is signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto. In entering into this Agreement, no party has relied on or made any representation, warranty, inducement, promise or understanding that is not in this Agreement.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, overtly threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Any waiver by a party or any breach of this Agreement by another party shall not be construed as a continuing waiver or as consent to any subsequent breach by the other party. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, no failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same agreement.  It is agreed by the parties hereto that facsimile or e-mail signature pages signed by the Parties shall be binding to the same extent as original signature pages.
The Seller has filed or caused to be filed all material tax returns (federal, state and local) required to be filed and paid all amounts of taxes shown thereon to be due, including interest and penalties, except for such taxes as are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and with respect to which appropriate reserves are being maintained by the Seller in accordance with GAAP as reasonably determined by the Seller.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Amendment to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telecopy or electronic mail by any party hereto shall be effective as such party’s original executed counterpart.
The indemnity and payment obligations set forth in this Article IX and Section 12.02(a)(iii)  with respect to Taxes (and the representations contained in Section 4.14 ) shall survive until the date that is thirty (30) days following the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein; and any prior agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein is hereby terminated and cancelled. Except for the provisions of Section 4.1 hereof, nothing in this Agreement shall modify, amend or alter, in any manner, any stock option, stock restriction or other equity incentive arrangement or any non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, assignment of invention, or any similar agreement, to which the Executive is a party. Executive shall not be entitled to any severance or similar benefits in excess of the benefits the Executive is owed under this Agreement. To the extent that, at the time of the Executive’s termination of employment, any laws or regulations provide for the payment of a severance or similar benefit that is in addition to, or in excess of, the amounts Executive is owed with respect to any similar element of compensation under this Agreement, the Executive hereby waives any rights or benefits to which the Executive may be entitled pursuant to any such laws or regulations; provided that, to the extent the foregoing waiver is ineffective or unenforceable, the benefits to which the Executive is owed under this Agreement shall be reduced to an amount such that the sum of such reduced amount and the amount the Executive actually receives pursuant to any such laws or regulations is equal to the amount that would have been payable under this Agreement but for the operation of this proviso.
The Board may delegate administration of this Plan to a Committee or Committees of one or more members of the Board, and the term “Committee” shall apply to any person or persons to whom such authority has been delegated. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have, in connection with the administration of this Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board or the Administrator shall thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of this Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and revest in the Board the administration of this Plan. The members of the Committee shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board. From time to time, the Board may increase or decrease the size of the Committee, add additional members to, remove members (with or without cause) from, appoint new members in substitution therefor, and fill vacancies, however caused, in the Committee. The Committee shall act pursuant to a vote of the majority of its members or, in the case that the Committee is comprised of only two members, the unanimous consent of its members, whether present or not, or by the written consent of the majority of its members (or of all of its members if there are only two members) and minutes shall be kept of all of its meetings and copies thereof shall be provided to the Board. Subject to the limitations prescribed by this Plan and the Board, the Committee may establish and follow such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business as it may determine to be advisable.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including acquisitions permitted hereunder, to finance the HealthFusion Acquisition, to refinance certain Indebtedness of HealthFusion and its Subsidiaries as contemplated by Section 4.01(i) and to pay fees, commissions, transaction costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or in a European Union member state or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, each party shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, including an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the Delaware Court of Chancery, this being in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law or in equity. Each of the parties hereby further waives any requirement under any law to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief.
The Licensor assumes no liability to the Licensee or third parties with respect to the performance characteristics of the goods sold by the Licensee under the Licensed Works, and the Licensee shall indemnify the Licensor and hold Licensor harmless against losses incurred through claims of third persons against the Licensor involving the manufacture, distribution or sale of the Licensed Goods. Licensee agrees to obtain, at its own expenses, product liability insurance providing adequate protection for Licensor and Licensee against any such claims or suits in amounts no less than $1,000,000 U.S. Dollars, and, within sixty (60) days prior the sale of the License Goods, Licensee will submit to Licensor a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming Licensor as insured parties, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Licensor at least thirty (30 ) days in advance thereof.
The Committee may unilaterally amend or alter the terms of the PSUs, including this Award Agreement, retroactively or otherwise, in any manner consistent with the provisions of Section 15 of the Plan; provided, however, that no such alteration or amendment may, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair the previously accrued rights of the Participant with respect to the PSUs. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Committee shall have broad authority to amend this Award Agreement to take into account changes in applicable tax laws, accounting rules, stock exchange rules and other applicable state and federal laws, including without limitation, any amendments made pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.
The Shares shall become fully vested on the first anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to the Recipient continuing Service as a member of the Board. If a Director’s Service as a member of the Board terminates other than for death or Disability (“ Termination ”), all of the Shares that have not vested as of the date of Termination (any such shares, “Unvested Shares”) will be forfeited. The foregoing notwithstanding, in the event of the Recipient’s death or Disability or a Change in Control of the Company during Recipient’s Service as a member of the Board, all Unvested Shares shall become immediately vested and no longer subject to restrictions on Transfer hereunder.
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the breach hereof or the coverage or enforceability of this arbitration provision shall be settled by arbitration in Dallas, Texas (or such other location as the Company and Executive may mutually agree), conducted in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as such rules are in effect in Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas on the date of delivery of demand for arbitration. The arbitration of any such issue, including the determination of the amount of any damages suffered by either party hereto by reason of the acts or omissions of the other, shall be to the exclusion of any court of law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party hereto may seek any equitable remedy in a court to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, an action for injunctive relief or attachment, without waiving the right to arbitration.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. Facsimile copies or PDF copies sent by email of this Amendment and any signatures thereon shall be considered for all purposes as originals.
The Borrower agrees to pay to the Lender a commitment fee (the “ Revolving Commitment Fee ”) at a per annum rate equal to 0.125% on the average daily Available Revolving Commitment from the date of this Agreement to and including the Facility Termination Date, payable in arrears on the last day of each quarter hereafter and on the Facility Termination Date.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and the Optionee and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the Company and the Optionee with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
In consideration of this Agreement, Bailey will fully cooperate with Cyanotech and its counsel as it relates, in any way, to any foreign or domestic dispute (including, but not limited to, litigation, arbitration, and federal, state or local administrative inquiry) arising out of or related to any services he performed for Cyanotech and which occurred during his employment with, or time providing other services to, Cyanotech. Full cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, review of documents, attendance at meetings, trial or administrative proceedings, depositions, interviews, or production of documents to Cyanotech without the need of the subpoena process. During the period Bailey is receiving Severance Payments or Separation Benefits, such cooperation will be provided by Bailey without further compensation, other than reimbursement for reasonable out of pocket business expenses such as transportation, lodging, parking and meals or as specifically agreed in advance and in writing. After such period, such cooperation will be provided by Bailey; provided, the Company pays him a per diem determined using his base salary as of his Separation Date, reimburses Bailey for reasonable out of pocket business expenses such as transportation, lodging, parking and meals, and schedules his cooperation, to the extent reasonably practicable, so as not to unreasonably interfere with Bailey’s business or personal affairs. In addition, as a condition to Cyanotech executing this Agreement and providing the Separation Benefits hereunder, Bailey agrees to cooperate in all matters relating to the transition of his employment (including with respect to internal and external communication plans) and other matters reasonably requested by Cyanotech after the Separation Date, without further compensation.
Sublessor does hereby sell and transfer to Sublessee, on an “AS-IS” “WHERE IS” “WITH ALL FAULTS AND DEFECTS” basis, and without recourse or warranty, and Sublessee does hereby purchase and accept, all of Sublessee’s right, title and interest in and to the Transferred Personal Property.
Executive agrees not to engage in any conduct, or make any statement in any form, that may disparage, defame, or otherwise diminish the reputation of Affinity, the Board Shareholders, and their respective affiliates, funds, products, services, owners, members, principals, investors, officers, directors, employees, or their respective families.
Each Holder and each of its assignees acknowledge and agree that the information of the Corporate Taxpayer is confidential and agrees that, until the date that is three (3) years after the termination of this Agreement in respect of such Holder (or assignee), such Holder (or assignee) shall keep and retain in the strictest confidence and not disclose to any Person any confidential matters acquired pursuant to this Agreement of the Corporate Taxpayer and its Affiliates and successors, learned by the Holder heretofore or hereafter, except in the course of performing any duties as necessary for the Corporate Taxpayer and its Affiliates, as required by Law or legal process or to enforce the terms of this Agreement. This Section 7.12 shall not apply to (a) any information that has been made publicly available by the Corporate Taxpayer or any of its Affiliates, becomes public knowledge (except as a result of an act of the Holder in violation of this Agreement) or is generally known to the business community, (b) any information independently determined by a Holder or provided to a Holder by a third party on a non-confidential basis and (c) the disclosure of information to the extent necessary for the Holder to prepare and file its Tax Returns, to respond to any inquiries regarding the same from any Taxing Authority or to prosecute or defend any action, proceeding or audit by any Taxing Authority with respect to such Tax Returns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other agreement, the Holders and each of their assignees (and each employee, representative or other agent of the Holders or their assignees, as applicable) may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure and any related tax strategies of or relating to the Corporate Taxpayer and its Affiliates, the Holder or its assignee, and any of their transactions or agreements, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Holder or its assignee relating to such tax treatment and tax structure and any related tax strategies.
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, this Agreement shall control. In the event of any ambiguity in this Agreement, or any matters as to which this Agreement is silent, the Plan shall govern, including, without limitation, the provisions thereof pursuant to which the Compensation and Benefits Committee has the power, among others, to (i) interpret the Plan, (ii) amend and repeal administrative rules, guidelines and practices relating to the Plan and (iii) make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.
Landlord and Tenant each hereby represents and warrants that it has not dealt with any real estate b r oker or agent in connection with the procurement of this Amendment other than Transwestern RBJ, whose commissions , if any, shall be paid by Landlo r d pursuant to separate agreement. Each party covenants and agrees to pay, hold harmless and indemnify the other from and against any and all cost, expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) or liability for any compensation, commission or charges to any broker or agent (other than the foregoing named broker) resulting from the falsity of such representation and warranty.
Each Party acknowledges that because money damages are not and shall not be available against the UCC and would be an insufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party, each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy of any such breach, including, without limitation, an order of the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply promptly with any of its obligations hereunder, without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as an exclusive remedy. Each of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense that a remedy at law is adequate and (b) any requirement to post bond or other security in connection with actions instituted for injunctive relief, specific performance, or other equitable remedies. Nothing herein waives entitlements to money damages available hereunder to the extent they can be enforced.
In case at any time after the Closing any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, each of the parties hereto will take such further action (including the execution and delivery of further instruments and documents) as any other party reasonably may request, all at the sole cost and expense of the requesting party (unless the requesting party is entitled to indemnification hereunder). From and after the Closing, the Company shall make available to Buyer all documents, books, records (including Tax records), agreements and financial data of any sort relating to the Purchased Assets that are Excluded Assets.
As consideration for the assignment and sale contemplated in Section 2 hereof, the Assignee shall pay to the Assignor on the date hereof in federal funds the amount heretofore agreed between them.  It is understood that Facility Fees accrued to the Assignment Effective Date in respect of the Assigned Amount are for the account of the Assignor and such fees accruing from and including the Assignment Effective Date are for the account of the Assignee.  Each of the Assignor and the Assignee hereby agrees that if it receives any amount under the Credit Agreement which is for the account of the other party hereto, it shall receive the same for the account of such other party to the extent of such other party’s interest therein and shall promptly pay the same to such other party.
Schedule 7.15 sets forth as of the Third Amendment Effective Date a list of all Subsidiaries (excluding Subsidiaries with no assets and no operations) and the number and percentage of the shares of each class of capital stock owned beneficially or of record by the Company or any Subsidiary therein, and the jurisdiction of formation of each such Subsidiary, and designates which Subsidiaries are Material Subsidiaries.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive’s Disability during the Employment Period, the Partnership or the Employer (as applicable) shall provide the Executive with the Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or delivery of the Other Benefits, and shall have no other severance obligations under this Agreement. The Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days following the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of the Other Benefits, the term “Other Benefits” as utilized in this Section 5(c) shall include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the Partnership, the Employer and the Affiliated Companies to disabled executives and/or their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and/or the Executive’s family, as in effect at any time thereafter generally with respect to other peer executives of the Partnership, the Employer and the Affiliated Companies and their families.
Payment due the 20th of the month following delivery month. Payment shall be made by electronic funds transfer in United States dollars.
Except as permitted by an order of the Bankruptcy Court, none of the Borrower Parties, their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is in violation of, nor will the continued operation of their properties as currently conducted violate, any Legal Requirement (including any applicable Environmental Law) or is in default with respect to any judgment, writ, injunction, decree or order of any Governmental Authority in neither case that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the “ New York Courts ”). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in material compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.
The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and/or the termination of the Employee’s employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions shall terminate and be of no further force or effect beginning twelve (12)   months after the closing of a Sale Event.
The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or give full notice thereof.  Unless otherwise specified, all Section references in this Agreement are to the applicable Section of this Agreement.
The Parties agree to promptly sign all documents reasonably requested to give effect to the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, Propco agrees to, at Owner’s sole cost and expense, reasonably cooperate with all applicable Gaming Authorities in connection with the administration of their regulatory jurisdiction over the Owner and the Call Right transaction described herein, including the provision of such documents and other information as may be requested by such Gaming Authorities.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of Sections 6 - 9 of this Agreement, the Executive hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief.
If any court of competent jurisdiction holds that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions will continue in full force and effect, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended automatically to exclude the offending provision.
Tenant hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts located in the county where the Building is located and to the federal courts located in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. In connection with any litigation arising out of this Lease, the prevailing party, Tenant or Landlord, shall be entitled to recover all costs incurred, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, United States of America.
Subject to the terms herein, either party may terminate the Executive’s employment at any time; provided that the Executive will be required to provide the Company at least ninety (90) days’ advance written notice of the Executive’s voluntary resignation. The Termination Date shall be the date stated in the notice of termination. Upon termination of the Executive’s employment, the Company shall pay the Executive (i) any unpaid Base Salary accrued through the Termination Date, (ii) any accrued and unpaid vacation pay to which the Executive is entitled as a matter of law or Company policy , and (iii) any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior to the Termination Date (the “ Accrued Obligations ”). The Executive’s termination under this Agreement shall also constitute the Executive’s resignation as an officer or director of any affiliate or subsidiary of the Company, as applicable.
Purchaser shall have no right whatsoever to enter into any license, assignment, sublease, pledge or other occupancy agreement with respect to the Sub-Leased Premises or to permit any other person or entity other than Purchaser to occupy the Sub-Leased Premises.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
The Parties agree to take such actions and execute and deliver such other documents or agreements as may be necessary or desirable for the implementation of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
Employee agrees to maintain in complete confidence the existence of this Agreement, the contents and terms of this Agreement, and the consideration for this Agreement (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Separation Information”). Except as required by law, Employee may disclose Separation Information only to his/her immediate family members, the Court in any proceedings to enforce the terms of this Agreement, Employee’s counsel, and Employee’s accountant and any professional tax advisor to the extent that they need to know the Separation Information in order to provide advice on tax treatment or to prepare tax returns, and must prevent disclosure of any Separation Information to all other third parties. Employee agrees that he/she will not publicize, directly or indirectly, any Separation Information.
Each of the Guarantors hereby acknowledges and reaffirms in all respects all of its respective obligations under the Guaranties giving effect to the foregoing provisions of this Agreement.
This Guaranty may not be amended except in writing signed by the Requisite Lenders (or all of the Lenders if required under the terms of the Term Loan Agreement), the Administrative Agent and each Guarantor.
Should any clause, sentence, paragraph, or Section of this Agreement be judicially declared to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, such decision will not have the effect of invalidating or voiding the remainder of this Agreement, and the parties hereto agree that the part or parts of this Agreement so held to be invalid, unenforceable, or void will be deemed to have been stricken herefrom and the remainder will have the same force and effectiveness as if such part or parts had never been included herein.
The Company will pay Executive an annual base salary (“ Base Salary ”) in the amount of $13,000.00 per month ($156,000 per year). The Base Salary will be paid in accordance with the Company’s payroll practices in effect from time-to-time. Executive’s Base Salary will be reviewed at least annually in accordance with the Company’s executive compensation review policies and practices and may be increased in accordance with such review , looking to the results of such review and the Company’s financial progress, among other things, as guides in making any adjustments. All payments to Executive under this Agreement will be subject to withholding as required by applicable law.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall enure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective personal representatives, heirs, beneficiaries, successors and permitted assigns.
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH PARTY HERETO WAIVES, AND COVENANTS THAT SUCH PARTY WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE), ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY FORUM IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE DEALINGS OF ANY PARTY HERETO OR THE COMPANY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE ABOVE, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE. The Company or any party hereto may file an original counterpart or a copy of this Section 3.8 with any court as written evidence of the consent of the parties hereto to the waiver of their rights to trial by jury.
The parties agree that this Agreement is reasonable and necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of Crawford and that any breach of this Agreement by Employee will cause Crawford substantial and irreparable harm entitling Crawford to injunctive relief and other equitable and legal remedies. Moreover, to the extent Employee breaches this Agreement, the time periods set forth herein are continued for the period of Employee’s breach of the Agreement. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and attorney’s fees in any proceeding brought under this Agreement. The existence of any claim or cause of action by Employee against the Company, including any dispute relating to the termination of this Agreement, shall not constitute a defense to enforcement of said covenants by injunction.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.07(e) .
The Employee hereby grants to the Employer the right to use the Employee’s name and likeness, without additional consideration, on, in and in connection with technical, marketing and/or disclosure materials published by or for the Employer for the duration of Employee’s employment with Employer and for a reasonable period of time following the Date of Termination.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b) )) or (ii) the determination by the Collateral Agent that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , (x) that Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.16 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.03 ) and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral, the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
Notwithstanding any provision of the Transfer and Administration Agreement to the contrary, each of the Managing Agents and the Investors hereby consents to (x) the non-pro rata payments in respect of the Investor Group Net Investment of the Investor Group for which PNC acts as Managing Agent and (y) the non pro rata increase of the Net Investment of the Investor Group for which Wells Fargo acts as Managing Agent.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.04(c ) without regard to the existence of any participation.
This Second Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and on facsimile counterparts or other electronic transmission, as permitted under the Original Amended Credit Agreement, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.10 , there is no material claim, action, suit, investigation or proceeding (or any basis therefor) pending against, brought by, or threatened against or affecting, Ecosphere or any of its properties or the transactions contemplated hereby and there is no  claim, action, suit, investigation or proceeding (or any basis therefor) pending against, brought by, or threatened against or affecting, the Company or any of its properties or the transactions contemplated hereby, before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency, official or authority.  Except as disclosed is Schedule 5.10,  Ecosphere is not a party to or otherwise involved in or intends to initiate any material claims, actions, suits, investigations or proceedings arising out of or otherwise relating to the operations, financial condition or equity interests of Ecosphere or the Company and the Company is not a party to or otherwise involved in or intends to initiate any claims, actions, suits, investigations or proceedings arising out of or otherwise relating to the operations, financial condition or equity interests of Ecosphere or the Company.
(a) The Company will keep, and will cause each Subsidiary to keep, all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.
This Agreement may be amended or modified, and rights under it may be waived, only by a writing executed and signed by the parties hereto.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, OTHER AGENT (INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEY) OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
This Agreement is the final and entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous discussions, statements, representations, warranties, correspondence, conditions, negotiations, understandings, promises and agreements, oral and written, with respect to such subject matter.
Neither party may assign or subcontract any of its or her rights or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the other. Any assignment not in compliance with this provision shall be void.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of law thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. The Participant submits to the in personam jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the district or county, respectively, in which Schaumburg, Illinois is situate and agrees that such courts shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any disputes regarding the Plan or this Agreement.
Other than as set forth on Schedule 6 attached hereto, neither Borrower nor any Affiliate (a) has or holds any tradenames, trademarks, servicemarks, logos, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property (collectively, “ Intellectual Property ”) with respect to the Property or the use or operations thereof or (b) is the registered holder of any website with respect to the Property (other than Tenant or Franchisor websites).
This Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment and the other Credit Documents embody the entire agreement between the parties and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. These Credit Documents represent the final agreement between the parties and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the parties. Except as expressly modified and amended in this Amendment, all the terms, provisions and conditions of the Credit Documents shall remain unchanged and shall continue in full force and effect.
NantHealth shall keep accurate records (together with supporting documentation) of Services sold pursuant to this Agreement, appropriate to determine the amount of fees and other monies due to NantOmics hereunder. Such records shall be retained for at least two (2) years following the end of the Term. Upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to NantHealth, NantOmics will be entitled to retain, at its own expense, an independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Nant Health (the “ Auditor ”), solely for the purpose of auditing those records (which shall not include access or examination of any systems) that are reasonably necessary to determine NantHealth’s compliance with its payment obligations under this Agreement. Prior to any audit, the Auditor will be required to sign a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement reasonably acceptable to NantHealth, and the results of the audit and all information reviewed during such audit will be deemed the NantHealth’s Confidential Information. Such audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, during NantHealth’s customary business hours, and according to its customary office policies and procedures. NantOmics shall be entitled to one audit per calendar year during the Term and during the two (2) years thereafter. Upon the conclusion of an audit, the period covered during such an audit may not be reexamined in any subsequent audit. If an audit discloses that NantHealth has underpaid NantOmics an amount that is more than five percent (5%) of the amount actually due under this Agreement during any 6 month period, then NantHealth shall pay all reasonable expenses of the Auditor directly incurred by NantOmics Party for such audit in addition to the underpaid amount disclosed through such audit and due under this Agreement.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the sale of the Shares.
Section 10.14(b) , ( c ) and ( d ) and Section 10.15 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment, mutatis mutandis .
Each Loan Party maintains the insurance and required services and financial assurance as required by law and as required by Section 7.01(h).  Schedule 6.01(r) sets forth a list of all insurance maintained by each Loan Party on the Effective Date.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications provided in connection with this Royalty Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given at the time when hand delivered, delivered by express courier, or sent by facsimile (with receipt confirmed by the sender’s transmitting device) in accordance with the contact information provided below or such other contact information as the parties may have duly provided by notice.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement has been the subject of full opportunity for negotiation and amendment and accordingly, any rule of construction that would construe ambiguities against the drafter shall not apply to this Agreement.
Subject to any obligations the Participant may have under applicable law, the Participant will not make or cause to be made any statements that disparage, are inimical to, or damage the reputation of the Company or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, officers, directors or employees. In the event such a communication is made to anyone, including but not limited to the media, public interest groups and publishing companies, it will be considered a material breach of the terms of the Plan. Nothing in this section shall limit a Participant’s ability to provide truthful testimony or information in response to a subpoena, court order, or investigation by a government agency.
(a) In the event that any of the Secured Obligations fails to be timely and fully performed in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, once the applicable grace period shall have elapsed without the applicable default having been remedied in accordance with the Credit Agreement, the Pledgee, in its capacity as administrative agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may enforce the pledge granted hereunder, in accordance with the provisions of the Negotiable Instruments Law, the Commerce Code and applicable law.
The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, from a Financial Officer of the Company dated the Effective Date.
The Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties hereto, and shall supersede any agreements and understandings (written or oral) between the Parties on or prior to the Effective Date with respect to the transaction described in this Agreement.
Set forth in the Insurance Schedules is a complete and accurate summary of the property, casualty, worker’s compensation, errors and omissions, fidelity bonds/crime insurance program of the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date (including the names of all insurers, policy numbers, expiration dates, amounts and types of coverage, annual premiums, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retention, and a description in reasonable detail of any self-insurance program, retrospective rating plan, fronting arrangement or other risk assumption arrangement involving any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party). Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary of the Loan Parties, and their respective properties, are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties or the Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where such Loan Parties or such Subsidiaries operate.
The section and paragraph headings appearing in this Agreement have been inserted for the purpose of convenience and ready reference. They do not purport to, and should not be deemed to define, limit, or extend the scope or intent of any section or paragraph. This Agreement has been negotiated by the Parties, and legal or equitable principles that might require the construction of this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement against the party drafting this Agreement will not apply in any construction or interpretation of this Agreement.
The Grantee must pay the amount of any federal, state, local or foreign income or employment taxes required to be withheld on the compensation income resulting from the award of, or lapse of restrictions on, the PSUs directly to the Corporation in cash upon request; provided, however, that where the restrictions on Disposition set forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement have lapsed the Grantee may satisfy such obligation in whole or in part by requesting the Corporation in writing to withhold from the Common Stock otherwise deliverable to the Grantee or by delivering to the Corporation shares of its Common Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date the restrictions lapse equal to the amount of the aggregate minimum statutory withholding tax obligation to be so satisfied, in accordance with such rules as the Committee may prescribe. If the Grantee does not make such request, the Corporation will automatically net unless it has previously requested payment in cash. The Corporation may also establish rules, notwithstanding Sections 2.1 and 4.1 hereof, which may differ from those described above in the case of employment taxes if such taxes are deemed to be due before the lapse of restrictions on Disposition. The Corporation’s obligation to issue or credit shares to the Grantee is contingent upon the Grantee’s satisfaction of an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state, local or other withholding tax requirements, notwithstanding the lapse of the restrictions thereon.
The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate thereof shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares to the Investor or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market.
This Amendment shall become effective on the date of Lender’s, Borrower’s and Parent’s receipt of executed counterparts of this Agreement, each of which shall be originals or facsimiles or “.pdf” or “tiff” files, properly executed by (i) Borrower, (ii) Parent and (iii) Lender.
The Company shall maintain insurance policies insuring the Collateral against loss or damage from such risks and in such amounts and forms and with such companies as are customarily maintained by businesses of similar type and size to the Company.
This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule or law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereby shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the terms of this Agreement remain as originally contemplated.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used for (i) funding needs resulting from Exchange Act Rule 15c3-3 timing differences, (ii) funding National Securities Clearing Corporation and other clearing agency margin deposits and (iii) other short-term operational needs. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X.
Subject to the Financing Orders and Section 6.17 , promptly after any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, subject any Loan Party’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ (to the extent any such Subsidiary is required to become a Loan Party) properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Security Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and First Priority of any of the Security Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in the Security Documents, neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary shall have any obligation to (x) perfect Liens in any Foreign IP Rights to the extent the cost of obtaining such perfection exceeds the practical benefit to the Lenders afforded thereby (as reasonably determined by the Required Lenders), (y) grant any Lien on any Excluded Property or (z) cause any Excluded Subsidiary to become or continue as a Guarantor.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Seller and Member does not, and the performance of this Agreement by each Seller and Member will not, conflict with, violate or result in a breach of or constitute (with or without notice or the passage of time) a default (or give rise to any third-party right of termination, cancellation, material modification or acceleration) under (i) the organizational documents of any Seller or Member that is an entity, if any, (ii) any law, rule, regulation, order, decree or judgment applicable to any Seller or Member or the Subject Securities, or (iii) any contract, indenture, guarantee, lease, mortgage, license or other agreement, instrument, obligation or undertaking of any kind to which any Seller or Member is a party or by which any Seller or Member or any of their properties or assets are bound.
All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of this MOU and the exhibits and schedules hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Texas or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Texas. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the Parties' rights and obligations set forth herein are subject to all requirements under laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed exclusively by and construed according to the laws of the State of Utah, as applied to contracts between Utah residents entered into and to be performed entirely within Utah.
If the Grantee dies before otherwise incurring a Separation from Service, then, provided that the Company has satisfied the Performance Measures as of the Vesting Date, a pro-rata portion of the PRSUs referred to in Section 4(a) above shall become vested and the pro-rata number of such Shares shall be issued to the Grantee on the Settlement Date. The number of Shares that vest shall be determined by multiplying the number of Shares subject to the PRSUs that are actually earned based on achievement of the applicable Performance Measures by a fraction, which shall be the number of complete months from the Grant Date to the date of death, divided by the number of months from the Grant Date to the Vesting Date.
Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party as of the Effective Date as follows: (a) it is a duly organized and validly existing corporation or limited partnership under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation; (b) it has full corporate or partnership power and authority and has taken all corporate or partnership action necessary to enter into and perform this Agreement; (c) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder do not violate, conflict with, or constitute a default or require any consent under its charter or similar organization document, its by-laws or partnership agreement, or the terms or provisions of any material agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order, award, judgment or decree to which it is a party or by which it is bound; and (d) this Agreement is its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditor rights and judicial principles affecting the availability of specific performance and general principles of equity, whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or equity. Each Party covenants to the other Party that it will not enter into any agreement or other instrument that would conflict with its obligations under this Agreement.
On the Restatement Effective Date after giving effect to the transactions to occur on the Restatement Effective Date, the Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.
Each SAR granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.  Each SAR so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 8, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement.  Any Option granted under the Plan may include tandem SARs.  The Committee also may award SARs to Eligible Persons independent of any Option.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including facsimile signatures which shall be deemed as original signatures.  All executed counterparts shall constitute one agreement, notwithstanding that all signatories are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart. A copy of an executed counterpart signature page signed by a party may be delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission and, upon such delivery, a print out of the transmitted signature of such party will have the same effect as if a counterpart of this Agreement bearing an original signature of that party had been delivered to the other party.
The Board may, as permitted by law, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan, and may amend any Award Agreement, provided that no amendment or termination (except as provided in Section 2.9, Section 3.4 and Section 6.2) may cause the Award to violate Code Section 409A, may cause the repricing of a Stock Option, or, in the absence of written consent to the change by the affected Participant (or, if the Participant is not then living, the affected beneficiary), adversely impair the rights of any Participant or beneficiary under any Award granted under the Plan prior to the date such amendment is adopted by the Board; provided, however , that, no amendment may: (i) materially increase the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan; (ii) materially increase the aggregate number of securities which may be issued under the Plan, other than pursuant to Section 3.4; or (iii) materially modify the requirements for participation in the Plan, unless the amendment under (i), (ii) or (iii) above is approved by the Company’s stockholders.
Notices delivered in connection with this Guaranty shall be given in accordance with Section 10.04 of the PC Repurchase Agreement.
As of the Effective Date and throughout the term of this Agreement, each Party shall procure and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, commercial general liability insurance to cover its indemnification obligation under Section 10.6.1 or 10.6.2 above, as applicable in amounts not less than US$ [* * *] per incident and US$ [* * *] annual aggregate. Such insurance shall be procured with carriers having an A.M. Best Rating of A-VII or better. The minimum amounts of insurance coverage required under this Section 10.6.5 shall not be construed to create a limit on Genocea’s and Isconova’s liability with respect to their respective indemnification obligations under Sections 10.6.1 and 10.6.2 above.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder and under the Revolving Note and any other Loan Documents, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota.  Borrower and Guarantor hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Minnesota for any actions brought hereon or on the Revolving Note.
Any notice to be given hereunder by either party to the other may be effected by personal delivery, in writing, or by mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid with return receipt requested. Mailed notices shall be addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth below, but each party may change his, her or its address by written notice in accordance with this Section 23. Notices shall be deemed communicated as of the actual receipt or refusal of receipt.
The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.
During the Term, each Party shall promptly report in writing to the other Party any known or suspected infringement of any Enumeral IP, or any unauthorized use or misappropriation of any Enumeral Know-How (each, an “Infringement”), of which such Party becomes aware, and shall provide the other Party with all available evidence supporting such knowledge or suspicion.
The Option Price shall be payable in full upon the exercise of any Option and, at the discretion of the Committee, an Option Certificate can provide for the payment of the Option Price either (a) in cash, or (b) by check, or (c) in Stock which is acceptable to the Committee, or (d) through any cashless exercise procedure which is effected by an unrelated broker through a sale of Stock in the open market and which is acceptable to the Committee, or (e) through any cashless exercise procedure which is acceptable to the Committee, or (f) in any combination of such forms of payment. Any payment made in Stock shall be treated as equal to the Fair Market Value of such Stock on the date the certificate for such Stock (or proper evidence of such certificate) is presented to the Committee or its delegate in such form as acceptable to the Committee. Any method for the payment of the Option Price permitted pursuant to this § 7.4 may be used for the payment of any withholding requirements under § 16.3. Each Option Certificate shall be deemed to include the right to pay the Option Price in accordance with the procedure described in § 7.4(c) or § 7.4(e).
Borrower hereby represents that it has dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than CBRE Capital Markets (“ Broker ”), and Borrower shall be solely responsible for payment of all commissions, finder’s fees or similar amounts due and payable to Broker pursuant to the terms of their separate agreement, all of which commissions, finder’s fees or similar amounts shall be paid to Broker by Borrower on the Execution Date. Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold Lender and MetLife HCMJV 1, LP, and their respective affiliates, partners and participants, and the officers, directors, agents, employees of each of them, and the successors and assigns of each of them harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses of any kind (including Lender’s reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements) in any way relating to or arising from a claim by any Person (including Broker) that such Person acted on behalf of Borrower or Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. The provisions of this Section 12.19 shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Secured Indebtedness. Borrower acknowledges that Lender may have been involved in other transactions with Broker, and Borrower agrees that it shall have no rights against Lender or defenses to Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Documents or the Environmental Indemnity due to any such relationship.
This Termination Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties to the Licensing Agreement and their respective successors and assigns. This Termination Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal laws in effect in the State of Texas.
The Partnership maintains or is entitled to the benefits of insurance from insurers of recognized financial responsibility covering its properties, operations, personnel and businesses against such losses and risks as are reasonably adequate to protect it and its businesses in a reasonable manner and in amounts which are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Partnership and its Subsidiaries are engaged. All such insurance is outstanding and duly in force on the date hereof, except for such insurance for which the failure to be outstanding and duly in force would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Partnership nor any of its Subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth on Schedule 11.16 hereto, no Borrower has any Parents, Subsidiaries or other Affiliates or divisions, nor is any Borrower engaged in any joint venture or partnership with any other Person.
There is no Proceeding pending , or to the Knowledge of the Companies, threatened or anticipated relating to or affecting (a)  any Company or the Business or any asset owned or used by it; or (b) the Transactions.  To the Knowledge of the Companies, n o event has occurred or circumstance exists that would reasonably be expected to give rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any such Proceeding.  There is no outstanding Order to which any Company or any asset owned or used by it is subject.  Schedule 4.17 lists all Proceedings pending at any time within the past five years in which each Company has been named as a defendant (whether directly, by counterclaim or as a third-party defendant) and all Proceedings pending at any time within the past five years in which each Company has been a plaintiff.  Schedule 4.17  lists all Orders in effect at any time within the past five years to which each Company has been subject or any asset owned or used by each Company is subject.
Seller hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located in the State of Ohio, County of Franklin in connection with any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and hereby agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof and thereof may not be enforced by such courts.
Assignor hereby agrees to indemnify and to defend and hold Agent and the Lenders harmless against and from all liability, loss, damage and expense, including attorneys' fees, which it may or shall incur by reason of this Collateral Assignment, or by reason of any commercially reasonable action taken in good faith by Agent hereunder or with respect to the Assigned Contracts and Permits, and against and from any and all claims and demands whatsoever which may be asserted against Agent or any Lender by reason of any alleged obligation or undertaking on its part to perform or discharge any of the terms, covenants and conditions contained in any of the Assigned Contracts and Permits and except for any liability, loss, damage, or expense arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent, Lenders, or the agents of Agent or Lenders.  Should Agent or any Lender incur any such liability, loss, damage or expense, the amount thereof (together with interest thereon at the default rate of interest described in the Credit Agreement if such amounts are not paid within five (5) Business Days after demand therefor) shall be payable by Assignor to Agent and the Lenders immediately upon demand, or at the option of Agent, Agent may reimburse itself therefor out of any receipts, rents, income or profits of the Mortgaged Property collected by Agent before the application of such receipts, rents, income or profits to any other Obligations.
Any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to the benefit thereof, but no such waiver shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument duly executed by or on behalf of the Party waiving such term or condition. No waiver by any Party of any term or condition of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed or construed as a waiver of the same or any other term or condition of this Agreement on any future occasion. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by Law or otherwise afforded, will be cumulative and not alternative.
To the extent a Change in Control occurs (the date of such Change in Control, the “ Change in Control Date ”), within thirty (30) days following any Change in Control Date, the Borrower shall make a written offer to prepay the Loans (the “ Change in Control Offer ”) to the Lenders (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) ( provided that if such offer is delivered prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control, the offer may state that the Change in Control Offer is conditioned on the occurrence of such Change in Control) for an aggregate principal amount of all of the Loans, together with any accrued and unpaid interest, plus a prepayment premium equal to one percent (1%) of the aggregate principal amount to be repaid. Each Lender may accept all or a portion of its pro rata share of the Change in Control Offer by providing written notice (a “ Change in Control Offer Acceptance Notice ”) to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 5:00 p.m. ten (10) Business Days after the date of such Lender’s receipt of the Change in Control Offer. Each Change in Control Offer Acceptance Notice from a given Lender shall specify the principal amount of the mandatory repayment of Loans to be accepted by such Lender; provided that if such Lender fails to specify the principal amount of the Loans to be accepted, it shall be deemed to have requested a prepayment in full of its Loans. If a Lender fails to deliver a Change in Control Offer Acceptance Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above, such failure will be deemed a rejection of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of the Loans. The Borrower shall make any prepayments no later than ten (10) Business Days after expiration of the time period for acceptance by Lenders of Change in Control Offers (or, if such ten (10) Business Day period expires prior to the date of the Change in Control, on the date of such Change in Control).
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties related to severance and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices of the parties.
Each Obligor agrees that any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Amendment or any other Loan Document to which it is a party or any judgment entered by any court in respect thereof may be brought initially in the federal or state courts in New York, New York or in the courts of its own corporate domicile and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding or judgment.  This Section 5 is for the benefit of Administrative Agent and the Lenders only and, as a result, neither Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall be prevented from taking proceedings in any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by applicable Laws, Administrative Agent and the Lenders may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
Each Borrower shall keep accurate and complete records of its Accounts, including all payments and collections thereon.  If during any calendar week Accounts constituting Eligible Accounts in an aggregate face amount of $100,000 or more cease to be Eligible Accounts for any reason other than payment in full, Borrower Agent shall notify Agent of such occurrence promptly (and in any event within one Business Day) after Borrower Agent has knowledge thereof.
Interest on this Bond payable prior to or on the Maturity Date shall be paid by check or draft mailed to the Registered Holder of this Bond at its address as it appears on the registration books of the Trustee (in such capacity, the “Bond Registrar”) or in such other manner as may be mutually acceptable to the Trustee and the Registered Holder of this Bond. Interest on this Bond that is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Registered Holder of this Bond as of the applicable Regular Record Date. In order to make payment of defaulted interest, the District shall pay the defaulted interest to the person who is the Registered Holder on a subsequent special record date. The Trustee shall fix the special record date and special interest payment date. At least 10 days before the special record date, the Trustee shall mail to the Registered Holder a notice that states the special record date, the special interest payment date, and the amount of interest to be paid.
The terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Mortgagee (for the benefit of the Lenders), Landlord and Tenant and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.
The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive hereby accepts such employment with the Company, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, the Executive shall serve as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and shall have such duties as are typically performed by a president and chief operating officer of a corporation of similar size and type as the Company.  The Executive shall render his services at the direction of, and shall report solely to, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  The Executive agrees to use best efforts to promote and further the business, reputation and good name of the Company. The Executive’s primary place of employment shall be in the Williamsburg, Virginia area, or such other location as determined by the Company’s Board of Directors.
Each Credit Party owns or is validly licensed to use all Intellectual Property that is necessary for the present conduct of its business, free and clear of Liens (other than Permitted Liens), without conflict with the rights of any other Person unless the failure to own or benefit from such valid license could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the best knowledge of each Credit Party, no Credit Party is infringing, misappropriating, diluting, or otherwise violating the Intellectual Property rights of any other Person unless such infringement, misappropriation, dilution or violation could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Parties agree that (a) the provisions of this Agreement will be severable in the event that for any reason whatsoever any of the provisions hereof are invalid, void or otherwise unenforcable, (b) any such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions will be replaced by other provisions which are as similar as possible in terms to such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions but are valid and enforceable, and (c) the remaining provisions will remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, this Agreement shall be considered divisible and such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent it is deemed unenforceable, and in all other respects this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect; provided, however , that if any provision may be made enforceable by limitation thereof, then such provision shall be deemed to be so limited and shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
Neither party shall have termination rights in this Agreement, except that Licensor may terminate Licensee’s rights and/or this Agreement as expressly set forth in Section 4, 5 and Section 9.
This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the making by Lender of the Loan and the execution and delivery to Lender of the Note, and shall continue in full force and effect so long as all or any of the Debt is outstanding and unpaid unless a longer period is expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents.  Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the legal representatives, successors and assigns of such party.  All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Borrower, shall inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of Lender.
Except as set forth in Section 3(b) above, all unvested RSUs shall be immediately forfeited upon the Participant’s Termination for any reason.
Interest only on the unpaid principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable beginning on the first (1 st ) day of March, 2017 and continuing on the first (1 st ) day of each June, September, and December thereafter until this Note has been paid in full. If not sooner paid, the entire principal balance, all accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and all other sums provided herein shall be due and payable in full on [December 1], 2019 (the “ Maturity Date ”). All payments of principal, interest, fees, expenses and other amounts to be paid by the Maker under this Note shall be paid not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date when due in immediately available funds, without setoff, deduction, counterclaim or withholding of any kind, at the address of the Noteholder located at 120 Tredegar Street, Richmond, VA 23219, or at such other address as the Noteholder shall specify in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance hereof, together with interest accrued thereon, shall be payable on demand by Noteholder.
The Borrower will maintain, and cause each Subsidiary to maintain, its corporate existence in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and its qualification to transact business in each jurisdiction where failure so to qualify would permanently preclude the Borrower or such Subsidiary from enforcing its rights with respect to any material asset or would expose the Borrower or such Subsidiary to any material liability; provided , however , that nothing herein shall prohibit the merger or liquidation of any Subsidiary allowed under Section 6.1.
Upon any termination of Executive’s employment for any reason or non-renewal of this Agreement after the Term, Executive shall be entitled to receive the following compensation and benefits:  (A) any accrued but unpaid Base Salary (to be paid as provided in Paragraph 3(a)) as of the Date of Termination (as defined below); (B) reimbursement for expenses incurred by Executive prior to the Date of Termination in accordance with Paragraph 4(d) hereof; (C) vested benefits, if any, to which Executive may be entitled under the Company’s employee benefit plans as of the Date of Termination; and (D) any additional amounts or benefits due under law or any applicable plan or agreement of the Company other than this Agreement (the amounts and benefits described in clauses (A) through (D) above, collectively, the “ Accrued Compensation and Benefits ”).  Payment of Accrued Compensation and Benefits under this Paragraph 6 shall in all events be paid in accordance with the Company’s payroll procedures, expense reimbursement procedures or plan terms, as applicable, or in accordance with applicable law. Thereafter, the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive with regard to Accrued Compensation and Benefits.  This provision does not apply to or control payment of any Incentive Compensation, provided in paragraph 3(b) herein.
During the Term, Executive shall be engaged by the Company in the capacity of Executive Vice President, Human Resources of the Company and CNO or in such other senior executive capacity as the Chief Executive Officer of CNO shall specify. Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of CNO or such other senior executive officer as the Chief Executive Officer of CNO may specify regarding the performance of her duties.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto and, as of the Effective Date, it shall supersede all prior negotiations, representations, agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, between CHS and Customer with respect to the acquisition of the Grain for use by Customer at the Facility.
Holdco has no Subsidiaries, except those Subsidiaries which are identified on Schedule 6.8 , or which are permitted to have been organized or acquired in accordance with Section 8.5 or Section 8.8 .
The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Purchased Preferred Stock to consummate the Share Repurchase, if applicable, and otherwise for working capital and general corporate purposes.
A default shall occur in the due performance or observance by Borrower or Approved Music Venue Manager of any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.8 or in Article VI , provided that such default shall not constitute an Event of Default unless and until it shall remain uncured for 10 days after Borrower receives written notice thereof.
You voluntarily resigned from your employment with the Company effective July 1, 2016 (“Termination Date”) and will be paid your regular salary through the Termination Date. You will no longer be allowed on Company premises or at Company functions and you shall not interfere with Company business.
(i) The Tranche C Lead Arranger shall have received all fees and expenses required to be paid or delivered by the Borrower to it on or prior to such date pursuant to that certain engagement letter, dated as of October 17, 2016 among the Tranche C Lead Arranger and the Borrower, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable for the account of any Lender having a Tranche B Term Loan outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement on or before the Second Incremental Amendment Effective Date, including accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Tranche B Term Loans and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received, for the ratable account of each Lender that delivers an executed counterpart of this Second Incremental Amendment, a fee in an amount equal to 0.50% of the Tranche C Term Loan Commitment of such Lender.
Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.
The closing (the “ Closing ”) of the Transactions will be held at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 811 Main Street, Suite 3700, Houston, Texas at 9:00 a.m. (Houston, Texas time) on the later of (a) the first business day after the conditions set forth in Article V have been satisfied or waived (other than conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the Closing Date) and (b) such other date and time as to which the parties agree in writing, in each case subject to the rights of the parties under Article V and Article VIII. The date on which the Closing occurs is herein referred to as the “ Closing Date .” The Closing shall be deemed effective as of 12:01 a.m. (Houston, Texas time) on the Closing Date.
At any time prior to the Closing Date, the Parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other Party if requested by the other Party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of any Party contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements, covenants or conditions of any Party contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a Party to any such extension or waiver will be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Party. The failure of any Party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise will not constitute a waiver of those rights.
The representations and warranties of the Parties in ARTICLE III and ARTICLE IV of this Agreement shall survive the Closing for a period of eighteen (18) months following the Closing Date; provided , however , that (i) the representations and warranties of the Seller Parties and Seller Parent contained in Sections 3.1 (Organization, Power and Authority of the Seller Parties), 3.2 (Membership Interests), 3.4 (Capitalization and Subsidiaries), 3.5 Ownership of Property), 3.8 (Tax Matters)and 3.14 (Financial Adviser) (the “ Seller Core Representations and Warranties ”) shall survive for the applicable statute of limitations with respect thereto, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Seller Parties and Seller Parent contained in Section 3.11 (Environmental Matters) shall survive the Closing for a period of three (3) years following the Closing Date and (iii) the representations and warranties of the Purchaser Parties contained in Sections 4.1 (Organization, Power and Authority of the Purchaser Parties) and 4.3 (Financial Advisor) (the “ Purchaser Core Representations and Warranties ” and, together with the Seller Core Representations and Warranties, the “ Core Representations and Warranties ”) shall survive for the applicable statute of limitations with respect thereto.
This Agreement (including the schedules and exhibits hereto, Seller Documents, and Purchaser Documents) represents the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among or between any of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
All action on the part of the Corporation for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance by the Corporation of this Agreement has been taken, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Corporation, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply with all Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws) with respect to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
This Amendment cannot be altered, amended, changed or modified in any respect except in accordance with Section 10.5 of the Loan Agreement.
In the event that this Agreement is terminated (x) by the Seller or the Company (i) pursuant to Section 9.1(c)(ii) , and if as of the date of termination (A) the condition set forth in Section 7.1(b) has not been satisfied, including but not limited to the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the HSR Act is still pending as of such date of termination (or the condition set forth in Section 7.1(a) has not been satisfied as the result of a Prohibitive Order issued to enforce any antitrust or competition law of the United States of America) and (B) all other conditions to closing have been, or are readily capable of being, satisfied, or (ii) pursuant to Section 9.1(b) as the result of a Prohibitive Order issued to enforce any antitrust or competition law of the United States of America that has become final and nonappealable, or (y) by the Purchaser pursuant to Section 9.1(d)(ii) , then the Purchaser shall promptly, but in no event later than two days after the date of such termination, pay the Seller an expense reimbursement in the agreed amount of $4,000,000 (the “ Payment ”) in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account to be indicated by the Seller. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the parties agree that if this Agreement is terminated under circumstances in which Purchaser is obligated to pay the Payment under this Section 9.3 and the Payment is actually paid in full, the payment of the Payment shall be the sole and exclusive remedy available to the Seller with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, and, upon payment of the Payment pursuant to this Section 9.3 , the Purchaser and its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders and other representatives shall have no further liability with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein to the Seller or any of their respective Affiliates or representatives. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that the Payment is not intended to be a penalty, but rather is liquidated damages in a reasonable amount that will compensate the Seller in the circumstances in which such Payment is due and payable for the efforts and resources expended and opportunities foregone while negotiating this Agreement and in reliance on this Agreement and on the expectation of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, which amount would otherwise be impossible to calculate with precision. In no event shall Purchaser be entitled to payment of the Payment on more than one occasion.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4(d) , as of the date hereof there is no action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity by or before any court or any Governmental Authority pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties threatened against or affecting the Loan Parties.
On the Closing Date, the Company shall have paid to the Agents all fees required to be paid on the Closing Date and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger in connection with the Transaction, in the case of such expenses to the extent invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date.
The undersigned has full power, authority and legal right to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, this Guaranty and has taken all necessary corporate and legal action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty.
This Incremental Agreement No. 1 and the other Loan Documents represent the agreement of the Obligors, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any such party relative to the subject matter hereof or thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents.
The U.S. Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) keep all property necessary to the business of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and subject to the occurrence of casualty events, (ii) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all such property and against all such risks as is consistent and in accordance with industry practice for companies similarly situated owning similar properties and engaged in similar businesses as the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (iii) furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon its request therefor, full information as to the insurance carried; provided that the U.S. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries may self-insure to the extent it reasonably determines that such self-insurance is consistent with prudent business practice.
The authorized capitalization of Blackridge consists of 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value, of which 50,000,000 shares have been designated Series A Preferred Stock and of which 2,356,863 shares are currently outstanding, and 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001, of which 26,940,527 shares are issued and outstanding.  All issued and outstanding shares of Blackridge are legally issued, fully paid, and nonassessable and not issued in violation of the preemptive or other right of any person.  There are no dividends or other payments or distributions due or payable with respect to any of the shares of capital stock of Blackridge.  It is contemplated that on or prior to the Closing, Blackridge shall (i) issue additional shares of its Series A Preferred Stock at an offering price of not more than $0.60 per share for gross proceeds of not less than $1,798,000; and (ii) issue approximately 31,484,596 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock upon the conversion of promissory notes.  Blackridge also has outstanding (i) common stock purchase warrants to acquire 4,915,304 shares of Blackridge at prices ranging from $0.60 to $1.70 per share; (ii) common stock purchase warrants to acquire 1,541,704 shares of Blackridge Common Stock at a price of $0.66 per share; (iii) warrants and options to purchase common stock held by current and former members of management that are exercisable at prices ranging from $0.63 to $1.70 per share; and (iv) a convertible promissory note to an officer in the principal amount of $4,530,124 that is convertible into shares of Blackridge Series A Preferred Stock at a price of $0.66 per share.
Lender may at any time sell to one or more Persons participating interests in the Term Loan, the Term Loan Commitment or its other interests hereunder (any such Person, a “ Participant ”). In the event of a sale by Lender of a participating interest to a Participant, (a) Lender’s obligations hereunder shall remain unchanged for all purposes, (b) Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly with Lender in connection with Lender’s rights and obligations hereunder and (c) all amounts payable by Borrower shall be determined as if Lender had not sold such participation and shall be paid directly to Lender. Borrower agrees that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement are due and payable (as a result of acceleration or otherwise), each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of set-off in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as Lender under this Agreement; provided that such right of set-off shall be subject to the obligation of each Participant to share with Lender, and Lender agrees to share with each Participant, on a pro rata basis. Borrower also agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.5 or ARTICLE 6 as if it were Lender ( provided that on the date of the participation no Participant shall be entitled to any greater compensation pursuant to Section 5.5 or ARTICLE 6 than would have been paid to Lender on such date if no participation had been sold and that each Participant complies with Section 5.5 or ARTICLE 6 as if it were a direct assignee). Each Lender that sells a participation to a Participant shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each such Participant, and the commitments of, and principal amount of the Term Loan owing to, such Participant (the “ Participant Register ”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in the Term Loan, commitments or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that disclosure is required to establish that such a participation in a Term Loan, commitment or other obligation is held by a Participant who is a non-resident alien individual (within the meaning of Code Section 871) or a foreign corporation (within the meaning of Code Section 881) is in registered form (as described above). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall have the right to treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered by hand or when deposited in the United States mail, by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the Company’s executive office, or to the last address known for Swan.
Any notice required or desired to be given regarding this Lease shall be in writing and may be given by personal delivery, by facsimile, by courier service, or by mail. A notice shall be deemed to have been given (i) on the third business day after mailing if such notice was deposited in the United States mail, certified or registered, postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be served at its Address for Notices specified in Section Q or Section R of the Summary (as applicable), (ii) when delivered if given by personal delivery, and (iii) in all other cases when actually received at the party’s Address for Notices. Either party may change its address by giving notice of the same in accordance with this Section 15.8, provided, however, that any address to which notices may be sent must be a California address.
The base salary for the Executive shall be Five Hundred Ten Thousand dollars per year, or such other rate as the Board may designate from time to time (the “Base Salary”). The Base Salary shall be payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company’s general payroll practices and shall be subject to withholdings for applicable taxes and other legally-required or previously-agreed payroll deductions. The Executive’s performance shall be evaluated annually in March of each year. Any future salary increases will be based on the Executive’s individual performance and will be approved by the Board in its sole discretion.
In the event of the termination of this Agreement prior to the scheduled expiration of the Term, then (a) with respect to any Services for which the Fee for such Services is charged as a flat monthly rate, if termination occurs other than the end of the month, the Fee for that month shall be prorated to reflect a partial month, and (b) with respect to any other Services, all amounts due pursuant to the terms hereof with respect to the Services shall be appropriately prorated and reduced to reflect such shortened period during which such Services are actually provided, and MPLS shall refund to HSM the appropriate prorated amount for any such Services that have been paid for in advance. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, to the extent any amounts due or advances made hereunder related to costs or Expenses that have been or will be incurred and that cannot be recovered by MPLS, such amounts due or advances made shall not be prorated or reduced and MPLS shall not be required to refund any prorated amount for such costs or Expenses; and HSM shall reimburse MPLS for any Third Party cancellation or similar charges incurred as a result of such early termination.
The Company shall employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to be so employed, in the capacity of [Title] to serve for the Term (as hereinafter defined) hereof, subject to earlier termination as hereinafter provided.
All notices, requests and demands pursuant hereto shall be made in accordance with Section 13.2 of the DIP Credit Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder to any Guarantor shall be given to it in care of the Company at the Company’s address set forth in Section 13.2 of the DIP Credit Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. Grantee’s electronic signature of this Agreement shall have the same validity and effect as a signature affixed by Grantee’s hand.
Borrower represents and warrants that Borrower lawfully holds and possesses (a) a valid fee simple interest in the Real Property, as designated on Exhibit A , and the fixtures located thereon and (b) fee simple title to the Subject Property that is not the Real Property or fixtures on the Real Property, without limitation on the right to encumber, and that this Deed of Trust is a first and prior lien on the Subject Property, subject only to the Permitted Liens. Neither Borrower, nor any Affiliate of Borrower, has any interest in any real property, not encumbered hereby, which is utilized in any material manner in connection with the use or operation of the Subject Property or which is necessary and required for the use and operation of the Subject Property.
This Lease may be only be modified by a writing signed by both Lessor and Tenant.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Papers is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Papers shall not be affected or impaired thereby, and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provisions.  The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, and be bound by the terms of, this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the execution, delivery and performance of the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which any of Borrower or the Guarantors is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (i) are within the authority of such Person, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary proceedings on the part of such Person, (iii) do not and will not conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation to which such Person is subject or any judgment, order, writ, injunction, license or permit applicable to such Person, (iv) do not and will not conflict with or constitute a default (whether with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both) under any provision of the partnership agreement, articles of incorporation or other charter documents or bylaws of, or any material agreement or other material instrument binding upon, such Person or any of its properties, (v) do not and will not result in or require the imposition of any lien or other encumbrance on any of the properties, assets or rights of such Person other than liens and encumbrances in favor of Agent contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (vi) do not require any material approval or consent of any Person other than those already obtained and as are in full force and effect.
CLIENT is responsible for the payment of any and all foreign, federal, state, county and local taxes and fees applicable to transactions under this contract and invoiced to CLIENT by FiCentive. CLIENT shall be responsible for the collection of all applicable end-user taxes and fees and the remittance of such taxes and fees to the relevant governmental authority.
This Amendment and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the New Term Loan III Lenders and the other Lenders party hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent, the New Term Loan III Lenders or any other Lender party hereto relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. Sections 9.12 and 9.14 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall apply mutatis mutandis.
Schedule 4.18 sets forth, as of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the Transactions, an accurate and complete list and a brief description (including the insurer, policy number, type of insurance, coverage limits, deductibles, expiration dates and any special cancellation conditions) of all policies of property and casualty, liability (including, but not limited to, product liability), business interruption, workers’ compensation, and other forms of insurance owned or held by the Restricted Parties or pursuant to which any of their respective assets are insured. The assets, properties and business of the Restricted Parties are insured against such hazards and liabilities, under such coverages and in such amounts, as are customarily maintained by prudent companies similarly situated and under policies issued by insurers of recognized responsibility.
In the event of any change in corporate capitalization, corporate transaction, sale or other disposition of assets or similar corporate transaction or event involving the Company as described in Section 5.5 of the Plan, the Committee shall make equitable adjustment as it determines necessary and appropriate in the number of RSUs subject to this Agreement. No adjustment shall be made if such adjustment is prohibited by Section 5.5 of the Plan (relating to Section 409A of the Code).
The Holders represent that the Notes represent all of the instruments that each has entered into with Maker and there are no additional agreements/instruments between any of the Holders and Maker. Each of the parties covenants and agrees, at its own expense, to execute and deliver, at the request of the other party, such further instruments and to take such other action as such other party may reasonably request to effectuate the terms of this Agreement.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used solely to repay amounts outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, fund repayment of the GE Credit Agreement, to pay the cash portion of the Acquisition consideration and pay fees and expenses in connection with the Acquisition and related transactions.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given without the prior written consent of (i) the Company, (ii) Liberty (so long as any Liberty Holder holds any Registrable Securities) and (iii) A/N (so long as any A/N Holder holds any Registrable Securities).
Each Party shall use all information that it obtains from the others pursuant to this Agreement solely for the effectuation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or for other purposes consistent with the intent of this Agreement and shall not use any of such information for any other purpose, including, without limitation, the competitive detriment of the other Parties.  Each Party may disclose such information to its/their respective affiliates, counsel, accountants, tax advisors and consultants as necessary to consummate this transaction.  This provision shall not prohibit the use or disclosure of confidential information pursuant to court order or which has otherwise become publicly available through no fault of the recipient Party.
This Amendment shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the rules of construction set forth in Sections 1.02 ,   1.03 ,   1.04 ,   1.05 and 1.06 of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.
No modification, consent, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by an officer of Lender, and then shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on Borrower in any case shall, of itself, entitle Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. No delay or omission by Lender in exercising any power or right hereunder shall impair any such right or power or be construed as a waiver thereof or any acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power preclude other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or power hereunder. All rights and remedies of Lender hereunder are cumulative of each other and of every other right or remedy which Lender may otherwise have at law or in equity or under any other contract or document, and the exercise of one or more rights or remedies shall not prejudice or impair the concurrent or subsequent exercise of other rights or remedies. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP on the basis used by Borrower in prior years. This Agreement is binding upon Borrower, its successors and assigns, and inures to the benefit of Lender, its successors and assigns; provided, however, that Borrower may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder without Lender’s prior written consent.
By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or any Lender, the Issuing Bank that is the issuer thereof hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit and not reimbursed by the applicable Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the applicable Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit, the occurrence and continuance of a Default, any reduction or termination of the Commitments or any force majeure or other event that under any rule of law or uniform practices to which any Letter of Credit is subject (including Section 3.14 of ISP 98 or any successor publication of the International Chamber of Commerce) permits a drawing to be made under such Letter of Credit after the expiration thereof or of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that, in issuing, amending, renewing or extending any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon the representation and warranty of the applicable Borrower deemed made pursuant to Section 4.02, unless, at least two Business Days prior to the time such Letter of Credit is issued, amended, renewed or extended (or, in the case of an automatic renewal permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, at least two Business Days prior to the time by which the election not to extend must be made by the applicable Issuing Bank), the Required Lenders shall have notified the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in writing that, as a result of one or more events or circumstances described in such notice, one or more of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 would not be satisfied if such Letter of Credit were then issued, amended, renewed or extended (it being understood and agreed that, in the event any Issuing Bank shall have received any such notice, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit until and unless it shall be satisfied that the events and circumstances described in such notice shall have been cured or otherwise shall have ceased to exist).
The Plan shall be effective as of May 10, 2016; subject to the approval of the stockholders of the Company (the “ Stockholders ”). Such approval shall meet the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder. If such approval is not obtained, then the Plan shall not be effective.
THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY L/C ISSUER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
Each Seller shall keep or cause to be kept in reasonable detail books and records of account of its assets and business and shall clearly reflect therein the transfer of Purchased Assets to Administrative Agent for benefit of Buyers. Each Seller shall cause each Seller Party Subsidiary to keep in reasonable detail books and records of account of its assets and business and shall clearly reflect therein the transfer of Contributed REO Property, Contributed Rental Property and Contributed Mortgage Loans to such Seller Party Subsidiary.
Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the “ Company ”), for value received, pursuant to this Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the “ Note ”), hereby promises to pay to the order of_____________(“ Holder ”) in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal amount as may be advanced from time to time by Holder as shown on Exhibit A attached hereto, with interest from the date of each advance at 12% per annum on the unpaid balance until paid. Interest shall be accrued in accordance with the Facility Agreement. Such principal and Accrued Interest Amounts shall be due and payable in accordance with the Facility Agreement. All unpaid principal and interest on this Note may be prepaid at any time without penalty.
Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks paid vacation each calendar year in accordance with the general policies of QTS or the Company.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.  Copies of originals, including copies delivered by facsimile, pdf or other electronic means shall have the same import and effect as original counterparts and shall be valid, enforceable and binding for purposes of this Agreement.
Executive agrees that he will not do or say anything that could reasonably be expected to disparage or impact negatively the name or reputation in the marketplace of the Company or any of its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, stockholders, members, principals or assigns. Nothing in this Section 6(b) shall preclude Executive from responding truthfully to any legal process or truthfully testifying in a legal or regulatory proceeding, provided that, to the extent permitted by law, Executive promptly informs the Company of any such obligation prior to participating in any such proceedings. The Company likewise agrees that it will not release any information or make any statements, and its officers and directors shall not do or say anything that could reasonably be expected to disparage or impact negatively the name or reputation in the marketplace of Executive. Nothing herein shall preclude the Company or any of its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, stockholders, members, principals or assigns from responding truthfully to any legal process or truthfully testifying in a legal or regulatory proceeding, provided that to the extent permitted by law, the Company will promptly inform Executive in advance if it has reason to believe such response or testimony will directly relate to Executive, or preclude the Company from complying with applicable disclosure requirements.
If an Account of any Borrower includes a charge for any Taxes, the Agent is authorized, in its discretion after the occurrence of an Event of Default and during the continuation thereof, to pay the amount thereof to the proper taxing authority for the account of such Borrower and to charge Borrowers therefor; provided, however, that the Agent shall not be liable for any Taxes that may be due from Borrowers or with respect to any Collateral.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to any Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit is outstanding or the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
Any financial statement, report, notice, proxy statement, registration statement, prospectus or other document required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall be delivered in accordance with Section 10.1 and shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such financial statement, report, notice, proxy statement, registration statement, prospectus or other document is posted on the SEC’s website on the Internet at www.sec.gov and, in each case, such financial statement, report, notice, proxy statement, registration statement, prospectus or other document is readily accessible to the Administrative Agent on such date; provided that Borrower shall give notice of any such posting to Administrative Agent (who shall then give notice of any such posting to the Lenders). Furthermore, if any financial statement, certificate or other information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall be required to be delivered on any date that is not a Business Day, such financial statement, certificate or other information may be delivered to Administrative Agent on the next succeeding Business Day after such date.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to fund the refinancing of existing revolving and term indebtedness payable to the Existing Lender pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement, pay fees, commissions, Swap Termination Value and expenses in connection therewith, to fund Permitted Acquisitions in accordance with the provisions hereof and for the general working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.
THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT.
I agree that I will not disclose to others the fact or terms of this Agreement, except that I may disclose such information to my spouse, and to my attorneys and accountants in order for them to render professional services to me.
With effect from April 30, 2016, Schedule A to the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by deleting the reference to “$325,000,000” therein, and replacing it with “$275,000,000” .
The Seller and Shareholder delivered to the Purchaser the following financial statements (collectively, the “Financial Statements”): (a) the unaudited balance sheets of the Seller as of December 31, 2014 and 2015 by quarter and as of the Closing Date, the related statements of income and retained earnings for 2014 by quarter and 2015 by quarter and as of the Closing Date, and the statements of cash flows for the years 2014 and 2015 and as of the Closing Date. The Financial Statements are accurate and complete in all material respects, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered (except that the interim financial statements referred to in clause “(a)”of this Section 2.2 do not have notes) and present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Seller as of the respective dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows of the Seller for the periods covered thereby.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Amendment Agreement, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 9(f) of the SPA.
No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed in writing and signed by the Covered Person and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Covered Person). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision of the same condition or provision at another time.
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given, (a) with respect to the Company, at the address of the Company indicated in Schedule 10.02 of the Credit Agreement and (b) with respect to the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party, at the Administrative Agent’s address indicated in Schedule 10.02 of the Credit Agreement. All such addresses may be modified, and all such notices shall be given and shall be effective, as provided in Section 10.02 of the Credit Agreement for the giving and effectiveness of notices and modifications of addresses thereunder.
During the period you are employed by OvaScience, Limited, you will be eligible to participant in any and all benefit programs that OvaScience, Limited establishes and makes available to its employees from time to time, provided you meet the specific eligibility criteria as set forth in (and subject to all provisions of) the plan documents governing those programs. Once your employment is transferred to the Company, you will be eligible to participate in any and all benefit programs that the Company establishes and makes available to its employees from time to time, provided you meet the specific eligibility criteria as set forth in (and subject to all provisions of) the plan documents governing those programs, provided that your service with OvaScience, Limited shall be credited as service with the Company for purposes of meeting eligibility requirements. The benefits made available by the Company, and the rules, terms and conditions for participation in such benefit plans, may be changed by the Company at any time and from time to time without advance notice.
If an event of default occurs, the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder's election, immediately due and payable in cash at the " Mandatory Default Amount ". The Mandatory Default Amount means 150% of the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note. Commencing 5 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual acceleration of this Note, this Note shall accrue additional interest, in addition to the Note's "guaranteed" interest, at a rate equal to the lesser of 20% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Finally, commencing 5 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual acceleration of this Note, an additional permanent 10% increase to the Conversion Price discount will go into effect. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Issuer hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by the Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 2.00(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent event of default or impair any right consequent thereon. Nothing herein shall limit the Holder's right to pursue any other remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Issuer's failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.
This Agreement shall be construed and regulated in all respects under the laws of the State of Maryland without reference to principles of conflict of laws.
As set forth in Section 5, you will have the opportunity to consider this Agreement for at least 21 days before signing it.  For the period of seven (7) days from the date when you execute this Agreement, you have the right to revoke it by written notice.  For such a revocation to be effective, it must be delivered to our General Counsel, Jason Cole, so that he receives it at or before the expiration of the seven (7) day revocation period.  This Agreement shall become effective on the first day following the expiration of the revocation period (the “Effective Date”).
The Administrative Agent shall have received the financial statements referred to in Section 3.1 (it being understood that any public filing of such financials with the SEC shall constitute delivery of such financials).
If Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of Executive’s death, Disability or retirement during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive or Executive’s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Salary and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Salary shall be paid to Executive or Executive’s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as used in this Section 7(b) shall include without limitation, and Executive or Executive’s estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death, disability or retirement benefits, if any, as are applicable to Executive on the Date of Termination.
Each option shall terminate, and may no longer be exercised, on the earlier of the (i) the date ten years after the date of grant or (ii) the date 60 days after the optionee ceases to serve as a director of the Company for any reason, whether by death, resignation, removal or otherwise.
This Agreement (and any claims or disputes arising out of or related hereto or to the transactions contemplated hereby or to the inducement of any Party to enter herein, whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or otherwise and whether predicated on common law, statute or otherwise) shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York irrespective of the choice of laws principles of the State of New York (other than Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York) including all matters of validity, construction, effect, enforceability, performance and remedies.  Each of Johnson Controls and Adient, on behalf of itself and the members of its Group, hereby irrevocably (a) agrees that any Dispute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York (or, only if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, in any New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York), (b) waives any claims of forum non conveniens, and agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts, as provided in New York General Obligations Law § 5-1402, (c) agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by United States registered mail to its respective address set forth in Section 9.10 shall be effective service of process for any litigation brought against it in any such court or for the taking of any other acts as may be necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate any judgment of said courts and (d) UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTE.
Lessee shall be responsible for paying, and Lessor shall be responsible for collecting from Lessee and paying over to the appropriate authorities, all applicable Federal transportation taxes and sales, use or other excise taxes imposed by any governmental authority in connection with any use of the Aircraft by Lessee hereunder. Each party shall indemnify the other party against any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including attorney's fees as and when incurred) arising out of its breach of this undertaking.
This Note and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Note and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.
This Agreement and the agreements referred to herein, including Appendices A and B hereto, contain all of the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any prior understandings or agreements, whether oral or written, between you and the Company, including without limitation your UK Employment Agreement with Criteo Ltd., which is hereby terminated. You acknowledge that you have not relied upon any representations (oral or otherwise) other than those explicitly stated in this letter and the agreements referred to in this letter.
THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE HAS BEEN MADE AND DELIVERED AT NEW YORK, NEW YORK, AND SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  WHEREVER POSSIBLE EACH PROVISION OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE SHALL BE INTERPRETED IN SUCH MANNER AS TO BE EFFECTIVE AND VALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, BUT IF ANY PROVISION OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE SHALL BE PROHIBITED BY OR INVALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SUCH PROVISION SHALL BE INEFFECTIVE TO THE EXTENT OF SUCH PROHIBITION OR INVALIDITY, WITHOUT INVALIDATING THE REMAINDER OF SUCH PROVISION OR THE REMAINING PROVISIONS OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE.
If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SELLER AND BUYER HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM (I) ARISING UNDER ANY OF THE DOCUMENTS TO BE EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AT CLOSING, OR (II) CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING. SELLER OR BUYER MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE FOREGOING WAIVER.
Each Grantor hereby agrees, jointly with the other Grantors and severally, to indemnify the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, and their respective successors, assigns, agents and employees in accordance with the terms of Section 9.03(b) of the Credit Agreement applied mutatis mutandis .
(a) Each Party shall own all data and information (i) provided by it to the other Party in connection with its receipt of Services or (ii) created by or for the other Party solely on behalf of it in relation to the provision of Services (collectively, “ Service Receiver Data ”).
This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written agreement of Buyer and the Shareholders at any time prior to the Closing with respect to any of the terms contained herein.
The Performance-Based Make-Whole Award shall be divided into three segments of 13,189 Shares (each, a “ Make-Whole Award Segment ”), corresponding to each of the three periods commencing on the Start Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Start Date, the sixth anniversary of the Start Date and the seventh anniversary of the Start Date, respectively (each, a “ Make-Whole Vesting Period ”). The number of Shares subject to each Make-Whole Award Segment that become earned, determined in accordance with this Section 2(b), shall vest on the last day of the corresponding Make-Whole Vesting Period, subject to the Participant’s continued employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries through such date (except as otherwise provided in Section 4). The number of Shares underlying each Make-Whole Award Segment that become earned will be based on the level of the Compound Annual TSR Growth Rate for such Make-Whole Vesting Period, calculated in accordance with the following table. If the Compound Annual TSR Growth Rate equals a percentage in column A, the percentage of Shares subject to the Make-Whole Award Segment that are earned will equal the corresponding amount in column B. If the Compound Annual TSR Growth Rate falls between 11% and 14% but does not equal a percentage set forth in column A, the percentage of Shares subject to the Make-Whole Award Segment that are earned will be determined by linear interpolation between the two corresponding amounts in column B. Fractional earned Shares shall be rounded to the nearest whole number of Shares.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the Investor contained in Sections 3 and 4 , the agreements and covenants set forth in Section 5 , and the indemnification provisions set forth in this Section 11 , shall survive each of the Closings and the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Investor and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors’ rights and remedies.
As of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any other Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.11 , and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrowers and each of Parent’s other Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and all Equity Interests owned by the Holding Company or any other Loan Party are owned free and clear of all Liens except (i) those created under the Collateral Documents and (ii) any nonconsensual Lien that is permitted under Section 7.01 . As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.11 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary, (b) sets forth the ownership interest of Parent, Topco, Holdings, the Borrowers and any of their Subsidiaries in each of their Subsidiaries, including the percentage of such ownership and (c) identifies each Person the Equity Interests of which are required to be pledged on the Closing Date pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.
Section, subsection and other headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
Included in the Seller Disclosure Schedules is a complete and accurate list of all of Seller's Intellectual Property that was developed by Seller to be used with the Acquired Assets, including the trade secrets, service marks, other proprietary information, domain names, source and object codes, copyrights, patents, patent applications, registrations, and applications with respect thereto. Except as set forth in the Seller Disclosure Schedules, Seller owns the entire right, title, and interest in and to such Intellectual Property, and such Intellectual Property is not subject to the payment of royalties or any other obligation to any other Person. Except as set forth in the Seller Disclosure Schedules, none of the employees of Seller owns, directly or indirectly, any right, title, or interest in or to the Intellectual Property. To the best knowledge of Seller, none of the Intellectual Property is subject to any order, decree, judgment, stipulation, settlement, Lien, or attachment. There are no pending or threatened proceedings, litigation, or other adverse claims of which Seller is aware affecting or respecting the Intellectual Property. The Intellectual Property does not infringe on the copyright, patent, trade secret, know-how, or other proprietary right of any other Person and comprises all such rights necessary to permit the operation of the business of Seller as now being conducted.
The provisions of the October 2014 Warrant amended herein may not be further modified or amended unless the Investor consents.
The proceeds of the Revolving Loans and the Swingline Loans, and the Letters of Credit, shall be used to finance the working capital needs and general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including Investments, Restricted Payments and capital expenditures permitted under this Agreement. The proceeds of the Tranche B Term Loans made on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date shall be used only (i) to repay in full the outstanding principal amount of the Existing Tranche B Term Loans, together with any accrued interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, (ii) for general corporate purposes and (iii) to pay related costs and expenses.
Records of the Grantor, Nexeo, or any of their respective affiliates regarding your period of employment, termination of employment and the reason therefor, leaves of absence, re-employment, and other matters shall be conclusive for all purposes hereunder, unless determined by the aforementioned parties to be incorrect.
The Parties will identify aspects of the Products that can benefit from improvement including manufacturing changes and hardware and/or software changes. In addition, there may be aspects of the Products that will require correction. This Section 18 specifies the Parties' responsibilities and the actions to be taken in respect to such improvements and corrections.
Subject to the provisions of Sections 6.2(k), 6.3(c) and 6.09, after the date of grant of a Stock Incentive, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify the terms and conditions of a Stock Incentive, except to the extent that such modification would be inconsistent with other provisions of the Plan or the Code or would adversely affect the rights of a Participant under the Stock Incentive (except as otherwise permitted under the Plan).
This Amendment shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Texas. Each Party hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Texas and to venue in Houston, Texas.
The parties agree that irreparable damage would result and that the parties would not have any adequate remedy at law if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached or threatened to be breached at or prior to the Closing. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to equitable relief, without the proof of actual damages, including in the form of an injunction or injunctions or orders for specific performance, in addition to all other remedies available to the parties at law or in equity as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach. Each party agrees to (a) not raise any objections to the availability of equitable relief and (b) waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection with any such equitable remedy.
The term of a Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent award, Deferred Stock award, Stock Payment award and/or Restricted Stock Unit award shall be set by the Administrator in its discretion.
No actions, suits or proceedings are pending or, to Borrower's knowledge, threatened, against or affecting it before any court, governmental or administrative body or agency which might result in any material adverse change in the operations, business property, assets or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower, or which would question the validity of this Agreement or of any action taken or to be taken by Borrower pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement.
Buyer, and its Authorized Assignee(s), acting through any of their respective duly empowered and authorized officers, has all necessary entity power and authority to transact the business in which it is engaged, and has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to execute and deliver the documents and instruments required of Buyer herein, and to perform its obligations hereunder; and no consent of any of Buyer’s directors, officers or members is required to so empower or authorize Buyer.  This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Buyer, is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer, and, neither this Agreement nor compliance with or fulfillment of the terms and conditions hereof will conflict with, or result in a breach of, the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, any agreement to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer is otherwise bound, or any judicial order to which Buyer is a party or to which Buyer is subject.  All documents to be executed by Buyer which are to be delivered at Closing, will, at the time of Closing, (i) be duly authorized, executed and delivered by Buyer, (ii) be legal, valid and binding obligations of Buyer, and (iii) not violate, to the best of Buyer’s knowledge, any provision of any agreement or judicial order to which Buyer is a party or to which Buyer is subject.
Each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted.  No material claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property, nor does the Borrower know of any valid basis for any such claim except claims which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The use of Intellectual Property by each Group Member does not infringe on the rights of any Person in any material respect except to the extent that such use could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Mortgagor shall keep the Property continuously insured, in an amount not less than the cost to replace the Property or an amount not less than eighty percent (80%) of the full insurable value of the Property, whichever is greater, covering such risks and in such amounts and with such deductibles as are satisfactory to the Mortgagee and its counsel including, without limitation, insurance against loss or damage by fire, with extended coverage and against other hazards as the Mortgagee may from time to time require. With respect to any property under construction or reconstruction, the Mortgagor shall maintain builder’s risk insurance. The Mortgagor shall also maintain comprehensive general public liability insurance, in an amount of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) general aggregate per location, which includes contractual liability insurance for the Mortgagor’s obligations under the Leases, and worker’s compensation insurance. All property and builder’s risk insurance shall include protection for continuation of income for a period of twelve (12) months, in the event of any damage caused by the perils referred to above. All policies, including policies for any amounts carried in excess of the required minimum and policies not specifically required by the Mortgagee, shall be with an insurance company or companies satisfactory to the Mortgagee, shall be in form satisfactory to the Mortgagee, shall meet all coinsurance requirements of the Mortgagee, shall be maintained in full force and effect, shall be assigned to the Mortgagee, with premiums prepaid, as collateral security for payment of the Obligations, shall be endorsed with a standard mortgagee clause in favor of the Mortgagee and shall provide for at least thirty (30) days’ notice of cancellation to the Mortgagee. Such insurance shall also name the Mortgagee as an additional insured under the comprehensive general public liability policy and the Mortgagor shall also deliver to the Mortgagee a copy of the replacement cost coverage endorsement. If the Property is located in an area which has been identified by any governmental agency, authority or body as a flood hazard area, then the Mortgagor shall maintain a flood insurance policy covering the Property in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the original amount of the Obligations or (b) the maximum limit of coverage available under the federal program; provided, however, the Mortgagee may require greater amounts in its sole discretion.
Except as otherwise specified herein or if the context may otherwise require, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the “ Sale and Servicing Agreement ”), by and among Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II, as seller, Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, as servicer, Nissan Auto Receivables 2016-C Owner Trust, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as indenture trustee.
(a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lender its consolidated balance sheet and statements of earnings and statements of cash flows, together with the notes thereto, as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, audited by and accompanied by the opinion of KPMG LLP, independent public accountants.
All capitalized terms and other terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Lease.
(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Revolving Facility Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), through the Administrative Agent, on the first day of each calendar month, and on the date on which the Commitments of all the Revolving Facility Lenders shall be terminated as provided herein, a commitment fee (the “ Commitment Fee ”) on the daily amount of the Available Unused Commitment of such Revolving Facility Lender during the preceding month (or other period commencing with the Closing Date or ending with the Revolving Facility Maturity Date or the date on which the last of the Commitments of such Lender shall be terminated) at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee. All Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days. The Commitment Fee due to each Lender shall commence to accrue on the Closing Date and shall cease to accrue on the date on which the last of the Commitments of such Lender shall be terminated as provided herein.
The Committee may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Bonus Plan, in whole or in part, at any time, including adopting amendments deemed necessary or desirable to correct any defect or to supply omitted data or to reconcile any inconsistency in the Bonus Plan or in any Bonus Award granted hereunder; provided, however , that no amendment, alteration, suspension or discontinuation shall be made that would (i) increase the amount of compensation payable pursuant to such Bonus Award, (ii) cause compensation that is, or may become, payable hereunder to fail to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, or (iii) change the payment dates of any shares of Common Stock if such change would fail to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. To the extent necessary or advisable under applicable law, including Section 162(m), Bonus Plan amendments shall be subject to stockholder approval. At no time before the actual distribution of funds to Participants under the Bonus Plan shall any Participant accrue any vested interest or right whatsoever under the Bonus Plan except as otherwise stated in the Bonus Plan.
The Partnership may, without prior written consent or notice, (i) file the Transaction Agreements as exhibits to Exchange Act reports and (ii) disclose such information with respect to any Purchaser as required by applicable Law or the rules or regulations of the NYSE or other exchange on which securities of the Partnership are listed or traded. The Partnership shall, on or before the fourth Business Day following the date hereof, file one or more Current Reports on Form 8-K with the SEC (the “ 8-K Filing ”) describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements and including as exhibits to such 8-K Filing, the Transaction Agreements in the form required by the Exchange Act.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws and regulations of Wyoming. The parties hereby waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising out or in connection with this Agreement. The parties agree that in the event of any action, litigation or proceeding between the parties arising out of or in relation to this Agreement, the prevailing party in a final judgment after the appeal period has passed shall be awarded, in addition to any damages, injunctions or other relief, such party’s costs and expenses, including but not limited to all related costs and reasonable attorneys’, accountants’ and experts’ fees incurred in bringing such action, litigation or proceeding and/or enforcing any judgment or order granted therein.
All notices or other communications given or made hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered mail or delivered by email or facsimile with written confirmation of receipt to the Optionee and/or to the Company at the addresses shown on the letterhead above, or at such other place as the Company may designate by written notice to the Optionee. The Optionee is responsible for notifying the Company in writing of any change in the Optionee’s address, and the Company shall be deemed to have complied with any obligation to provide the Optionee with notice by sending such notice to the address indicated below.
The Administrative Agent shall have received executed counterparts of this Agreement by each party hereto.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Company and you regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and inducements, whether express or implied, oral or written; provided, however , this Agreement does not impact, alter, modify, amend or otherwise supersede any of the rights or obligations of either party under any employment agreement or arrangement, or any existing severance agreements in place between you and the Company. No modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be effective without a prior written agreement signed by you and the Company.
You hereby consent and agree that state courts located in Montgomery County, Texas and the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas each shall have personal jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to any dispute between you and the Company arising in connection with the Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units, these Terms and Conditions, or the Agreement. In any dispute with the Company, you will not raise, and you hereby expressly waive, any objection or defense to such jurisdiction as an inconvenient forum.
The MSR Owner has the full power and authority to enter into and consummate all transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and has duly executed and delivered this Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the Executive’s employment and all related matters, except for the agreements set forth on Exhibit C hereto, which shall remain in effect.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 2.5), the Sellers and the Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Legal Requirements to consummate and make effective the sale of the Purchased Assets and assumption of the Assumed Liabilities in accordance with this Agreement.  The Sellers shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the conditions set forth in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 to be satisfied on a timely basis.  The Buyer shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the conditions set forth in Sections 8.1 and 8.3 to be satisfied on a timely basis.  Neither the Sellers, on the one hand, nor the Buyer, on the other hand, shall, without the prior written consent of the other, take any action that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impede, interfere with or delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  From time to time, on or after the Closing Date, the Sellers shall execute and deliver such documents to the Buyer as the Buyer may reasonably request in order to more effectively vest in the Buyer all of the Sellers’ right, title and interest to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances).
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic Laws of, and enforced in, the State of California without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of California.
Except as expressly provided herein, the execution and delivery of this Eighth Amendment shall not be deemed or construed to (i) constitute an extension, modification or waiver of any term or condition of the Original TSA , (ii) give rise to any obligation on the part of any Party to extend, modify or waive any term or condition of the Original TSA , or (iii) be a waiver by any Party of any of its rights under the Original TSA , at law or in equity.
The Lenders agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of each Loan Party to do so), in the amount of its pro rata share (based on its aggregate outstanding Loans and unused Commitments hereunder determined at the time such indemnity is sought), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct (it being understood and agreed that any action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents), in any such case for purposes of this Section 9.07 , shall in no event in and of itself be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct). The failure of any Lender to reimburse any Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Lenders to such Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder to reimburse such Agent for its ratable share of such amount, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to reimburse such Agent for such other Lender’s ratable share of such amount. The agreements in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Commitments and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable under any Loan Document.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following (each, an “Event of Default”): (a) Applicant fails to pay or perform any obligation under the Documents or under any other agreement between Applicant and Bank when due or there shall otherwise occur a default thereunder, (b) Bank’s security interest in the Collateral ceases to be a first priority perfected security interest; (c) there occurs a material adverse change in the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of Applicant or a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of Applicant’s obligations under the Documents; (e) Applicant becomes insolvent; or (f) a petition is filed by or against Applicant for relief under any bankruptcy or other debtor relief law, then, unless Bank chooses otherwise, any and all obligations of Applicant to Bank under the Documents shall be due and payable in full without notice or demand and Bank may exercise all rights and remedies available to it, at law, in equity and otherwise, including rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Such Purchaser is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of formation, with all necessary power and authority to own properties and to conduct its business as currently conducted, except in each case as would not prevent the consummation by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in any disclosure schedules attached hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, each capitalized term in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to it in The Progressive Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”). References herein to performance results of the Company mean the applicable results achieved by the Subsidiaries and mutual company affiliate of the Company in the portfolio(s) to the extent directly managed by Progressive Capital Management Corp. during the Evaluation Period (“Managed Portfolios”).
All notices to the Second Lien Secured Parties and the First Lien Secured Parties and the Third Lien Secured Parties permitted or required under this Agreement shall be sent to the Second Lien Representative and the applicable First Lien Representative, and the applicable Third Lien Representatives respectively. Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, any notice hereunder shall be in writing and may be personally served or sent by facsimile or United States mail or courier service and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof, upon receipt of facsimile, or three Business Days after depositing it in the United States mail with postage prepaid and properly addressed. For the purposes hereof, the addresses of the parties hereto shall be as set forth below each party’s name on the signature pages hereto or in the Joinder Agreement pursuant to which it becomes a party hereto, or, as to each party, at such other address as may be designated by such party in a written notice to all of the other parties.
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Purchaser and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company’s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).
No later than the Delivery Date, Administrative Agent shall have received from Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantors evidence of the policies of insurance required by the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
The Credit Parties shall, and shall cause each of their Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance with respect to their assets, properties and business, against such hazards and liabilities, of such types and in such amounts, as is customarily maintained by companies in the same or similar businesses similarly situated, including Flood Insurance.  Each such policy of insurance shall (i) in the case of each liability policy, name Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) in the case of each casualty insurance policy contain a loss payable clause or endorsement that names Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as the loss payee thereunder and, to the extent available, provide for at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Agent of any modification or cancellation of such policy (or ten (10) days’ prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premiums thereunder).  A true and complete listing of such insurance, including issuers, coverages and deductibles, shall be provided to Agent promptly following Agent’s request. Notwithstanding the requirements above, Flood Insurance shall not be required for (x) Real Estate not located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, or (y) Real Estate located in a Special Flood Hazard Area in a community that does not participate in the National Flood Insurance Program.
The Borrowers have delivered or caused to be delivered to the Bank its most recent balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows (as applicable, the “Historical Financial Statements” ). The Historical Financial Statements are true, complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present the financial condition, assets and liabilities, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise and the results of the Companies’ operations for the period specified therein. The Historical Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time ( “GAAP” ) consistently applied from period to period, subject in the case of interim statements to normal year-end adjustments and to any customary comments and notes reasonably acceptable to the Bank.
Neither New Operator nor Kindred shall assign any of its rights under this Agreement without first obtaining the other party’s written consent. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall not counter any rights or remedies upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
If any provision of this Agreement, or any portion of any provision hereof, is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, all other provisions shall remain in force and effect as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had not been included herein. If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, such provision or a portion thereof shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Holdings and the Borrower and constitutes, and each other Loan Document when executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (iii) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing and (iv) except to the extent set forth in the applicable Foreign Pledge Agreements, any foreign laws, rules and regulations as they relate to pledges of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected.
The parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with its specific terms or was otherwise breached, and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy therefor. It is accordingly agreed that, prior to the termination of this Agreement pursuant to ARTICLE VII , the parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the performance of terms and provisions of this Agreement, without proof of actual damages (and each party hereby waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy), this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at Law or in equity. The parties further agree not to assert that a remedy of specific enforcement is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason, nor to assert that a remedy of monetary damages would provide an adequate remedy for any such breach.
To the Knowledge of Seller, the Intellectual Property Rights in the Business Intellectual Property that are the subject of any issued registration are valid and enforceable. Seller does not know of any facts or circumstances that could impair the validity or enforceability of any Intellectual Property Right in the Business Intellectual Property.
In the event of a breach of Section 4.1 or Section 4.2 by the Executive, then the Executive shall immediately reimburse the Company the entire gross amount of the severance benefits paid to the Executive pursuant to Section 3 up to the date of such breach. The forfeiture provisions of this Section 4.4 shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other remedies available to the Company at law or in equity.
The Buyer has full right, power and capacity to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Other Agreements and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Other Agreements does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Agreements will not (i) violate, conflict with or constitute a breach of or default under any term or provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Buyer, (ii) violate, conflict with or constitute a breach of any law, order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation of any court, governmental agency or arbitration tribunal known by the Buyer to be applicable to it, (iii) any violate any provision of or result in the breach of, modification of, acceleration of the maturity of obligations under, or constitute a default, or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, acceleration or otherwise be in conflict with or result in a loss of material contractual benefits to the Buyer under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any contract, lease, note, bond, indenture, instrument, mortgage, deed of trust, license, security agreement or other agreement, obligation or instrument to which the Buyer is a party or by which it is bound, (iv) require any consent, approval or notice under any law, rule or decree, document or instrument (other than where the failure to obtain such consent or approval, or give such notice, would not result in a material adverse effect on the Buyer); or (v) result in the creation or imposition of any lien, claim, restriction, charge or encumbrance upon the Buyer or any of its assets, other than with respect to clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 5(a), such violations, conflicts, breaches, modifications or defaults, or such liens, claims, restrictions, charges or encumbrances that would not result in a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Buyer or on its ability to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder and under the Other Agreements.
Except as modified by this Amendment, the Agreement is in all other respects hereby ratified and confirmed.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Parties’ respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall not be assignable by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided , however , that, upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the other Party but without the other Party’s prior consent, a Party (i) may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any of its Affiliates provided that the assigning Party shall remain primarily liable under this Agreement and/or (ii) shall assign this Agreement to the successor to such Party in connection with a Change of Control of such Party provided that such successor, in the reasonable judgment of the other Party, is able to perform the assigning Party’s obligations under this Agreement.
(a) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that any Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Pledgor, or its properties, in the courts of any jurisdiction.
Survival .  Each party’s obligations under this Section 5.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.
The term of the Partnership shall continue until December 31, 2065, unless earlier terminated, wound up and dissolved and terminated in accordance with this Agreement and the Partnership Act.
This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the making by Lender of the Loan and the execution and delivery to Lender of the Notes, and shall continue in full force and effect so long as all or any of the Debt is outstanding and unpaid unless a longer period is expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents. Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the legal representatives, successors and assigns of such party. All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Borrower and Operating Lessee, shall inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of Lender.
No amendment, modification, rescission, waiver or release of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by each party hereto.
The Company agrees that it will not disclose, and will not include in any public announcement, the name of the Investors without the consent of the Investors unless and until such disclosure is required by law or applicable regulation, and then only to the extent of such requirement.
Participant Deferrals shall be vested in accordance with the same vesting schedule and same vesting conditions applicable to the deferred Award under the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. The portion of a Participant’s Accounts that remains unvested upon his or her Separation from Service after the application of the terms of this Section 3.5 shall be forfeited.
Except as permitted herein, no Seller Party nor any Servicer shall sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, or pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in or lien on or otherwise encumber (except pursuant to the Program Agreements), any of the Purchased Assets, Mortgage Loans or Contributed Assets or any interest therein, provided that this Section shall not prevent any transfer of Purchased Assets, Mortgage Loans or Contributed Assets in accordance with the Program Agreements. Except as set forth herein, no Seller Party shall assign any of its rights under any Underlying Repurchase Documents to any Person.
The proceeds of (a) the Initial Term Loans borrowed on the Closing Date will be used on the Closing Date to (x) pay fees and expenses in connection with the Transactions and (y) fund the Notes Redemption Collateral Account, the Founders Share Purchase Collateral Account, the Restricted Cash Collateral Account and the Designated US Account in the respective amounts set forth in Section 2.01 for the purpose of effecting the Tender Offer, the Stock Purchase, the Squeeze Out and the Subordinated Notes Repayments and (b) any Incremental Loans will be used by the Borrower for general corporate purposes and other legal purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, Permitted Acquisitions and other permitted Investments, permitted refinancings of Indebtedness, Consolidated Capital Expenditures and permitted Restricted Payments).
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9 , the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Company’s business and prior practices and as contemplated by the Pay-Off Letter), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (c) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice given at any time to the Company, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before December 27, 2016; provided, however, that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). In the event of any termination by a Purchaser under this Section 5.1, the Company shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days of such termination) refund all of such Purchaser’s subscription amount.
The Company shall maintain insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is reasonable and customary for the business for which it is engaged.
If Employee breaches any covenant set forth in Section  2 or Section  3 hereof, the term of such covenant shall be extended by the period of the duration of such breach. The covenants contained in Section  2 hereof shall be construed as a series of separate covenants, one for each country, province, state, city or other political subdivision of the Restricted Territory. Except for geographic coverage, each such separate covenant shall be deemed identical in terms to the covenant contained in Section  2 hereof. If, in any judicial proceeding, a court refuses to enforce any of such separate covenants (or any part thereof), Parent and Employee agree that such unenforceable covenant (or such part) shall be eliminated from this Agreement to the extent necessary to permit the remaining separate covenants (or portions thereof) to be enforced. If the provisions of Section  2 or Section  3 are deemed to exceed the time, geographic or scope limitations permitted by applicable law, Parent and Employee agree that such provisions shall be reformed to the maximum time, geographic or scope limitations, as the case may be, permitted by applicable law.
This Eighth Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of the Plan and Grant Instruments issued under the Plan shall exclusively be governed by and determined in accordance with the law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Liberty hereby represents and warrants to A/N that Liberty is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Liberty and the consummation by Liberty of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) will not violate or constitute a breach of or conflict with its certificate of incorporation or bylaws and (ii) have been duly and validly authorized by, and no other proceedings on the part of, Liberty are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Liberty and, assuming it has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by A/N, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Liberty enforceable against Liberty in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other similar Laws relating to or affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).
This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof.
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3.   Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules.  N otwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.3.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement.
(a)(i)  The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2011 and the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at June 30, 2012 and the related consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for the fiscal years or quarters, as the case may be, ended on such dates, reported on by and accompanied by, in the case of the annual financial statements, an unqualified report from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the respective fiscal years or quarters, as the case may be, then ended.  All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the aforementioned firm of accountants and disclosed therein).
The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, “ IP Rights ”) that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, except where the failure to own or possess the right to use such IP Rights would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The use of such IP Rights by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary does not infringe upon any rights held by any other Person, except for any infringement that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.18(a) , no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Consent or any other Loan Document entered into in connection with this Consent.
The Officer may take such weeks of vacation time as authorized by the Bank’s personnel policies and at such periods during each year as the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and the Officer shall determine from time to time. The Officer shall be entitled to full compensation during such vacation periods.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall thereupon amend and restate in full the Original Registration Rights Agreement.
Upon any taxable event arising in connection with the Bonus Units, the General Partner shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold (or cause to be deducted or withheld), or to require Director to remit to the General Partner or one of its Affiliates an amount sufficient to satisfy all applicable federal, state and local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to such event.  In satisfaction of the foregoing requirement, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the General Partner or one of its Affiliates shall withhold, or cause to be surrendered, from any cash or equity remuneration (including any of the Common Units issued under this Agreement) then or thereafter payable to Director an amount equal to the aggregate amount of taxes required to be withheld with respect to such event.  The amount of such withholding shall be limited to the aggregate amount of taxes required to be withheld based on the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income; provided ,   however , that such withholding may be based on rates in excess of the minimum statutory withholding rates if (x) the Committee (i) determines that such withholding would not result in adverse accounting, tax or other consequences to the General Partner or any of its Affiliates (other than immaterial administrative, reporting or similar consequences) and (ii) authorizes such withholding at such greater rates and (y) Director consents to such withholding at such greater rates.  Director acknowledges and agrees that none of the Board, the Committee, the General Partner, the Partnership or any of their respective Affiliates has made any representation or warranty as to the tax consequences to Director as a result of the receipt of the Bonus Units.  Director represents that he is in no manner relying on the Board, the Committee, the General Partner, the Partnership or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective managers, directors, officers, employees or authorized representatives (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, consultants, bankers, lenders, prospective lenders and financial representatives) for tax advice or an assessment of such tax consequences. Director represents that he has consulted with any tax consultants that Director deems advisable in connection with the Bonus Units .
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of his, her, or its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of Buyer and Seller Representative.
EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, EACH CREDIT DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY OTHER SECURED PARTY OR ANY OBLIGOR IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. EACH GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT HAS RECEIVED FULL AND SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION (AND EACH OTHER PROVISION OF EACH OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY) AND THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH LENDER AND ISSUING LENDER ENTERING INTO THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS.
Each Credit Party hereby releases, remises, acquits and forever discharges Agent and each of Lenders and their respective employees, agents, representatives, consultants, attorneys, fiduciaries, officers, directors, partners, predecessors, successors and assigns, subsidiary corporations, parent corporations, and related corporate divisions (collectively, the “ Released Parties ”), from any and all actions and causes of action, judgments, executions, suits, debts, claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, damages and expenses of any and every character, known or unknown, direct and/or indirect, at law or in equity, of whatsoever kind or nature, for or because of any matter or things done, omitted or suffered to be done by any of the Released Parties prior to and including the effectiveness of this Agreement, and in any way directly or indirectly arising out of or in any way connected to the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents (collectively, the “ Released Matters ”). Each Credit Party acknowledges that the agreements in this paragraph are intended to be in full satisfaction of all or any alleged injuries or damages arising in connection with the Released Matters.
WES shall use the proceeds of the offering of the Purchased Common Units to fund a portion of the purchase contemplated by the Contribution Agreement or for general partnership purposes.
Any claim or controversy arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement or its breach, shall be settled by arbitration in Palm Beach County, Florida in accordance with the governing rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Each Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (other than (x) the Borrower, MCRC and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, (y) a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the benefit of, a natural Person, or (z) Defaulting Lender or a Subsidiary of Defaulting Lender) (a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents without notice or consent of the Borrower, Administrative Agent or any other party hereto; provided that (a) any such sale or participation shall not affect the rights and duties of the selling Lender hereunder to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and the Lender shall continue to exercise all approvals, disapprovals and other functions of a Lender, (b) the only rights granted to the participant pursuant to such participation arrangements with respect to waivers, amendments or modifications of, or approvals under, the Loan Documents shall be the rights to approve waivers, amendments or modifications that would reduce the principal of or the interest rate on any Loans, extend the term (other than any extension contemplated by the definition of “ Maturity Date ”) or increase the amount of the Commitment of such Lender as it relates to such participant, reduce the amount of any fees to which such participant is entitled or extend any regularly scheduled payment date for principal or interest, and (c) no participant shall have the right to grant further participations or assign its rights, obligations or interests under such participation to other Persons without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld).
The provisions of this Amendment shall apply to each Outstanding Award Agreement only to the extent that the underlying Award has not previously been exercised, paid, cancelled, forfeited, terminated, or expired. Except as expressly amended hereby, the terms and conditions of each Outstanding Award Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles thereof.
Any waiver, or failure to seek enforcement or remedy for any breach or suspected breach, of any provision of this Agreement by the Company or Executive in any instance shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision in the future.
If at any time the Stockholder Representative shall incur out of pocket expenses in connection with the exercise of its duties hereunder, upon written notice to the Corporate Taxpayer from the Stockholder Representative of documented costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel and accountants) incurred by the Stockholder Representative in connection with the performance of its rights or obligations under this Agreement and the taking of any and all actions in connection therewith, the Corporate Taxpayer shall reduce any future payments (if any) due to the Stockholders hereunder pro rata (based on their respective Applicable Percentages) by the amount of such expenses which it shall instead remit directly to the Stockholder Representative. In connection with the performance of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the taking of any and all actions in connection therewith, the Stockholder Representative shall not be required to expend any of its own funds (though, for the avoidance of doubt but without limiting the provisions of this Section 7.13(b), it may do so at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion).
The September 30, 2015 audited consolidated financial statements of Visa Inc. (which do not contain a “going concern” or like qualification or exception), heretofore delivered or otherwise made available to the Lenders, were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and operations of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries at such date and the consolidated results of their operations for the periods then ended.
This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents (i) has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Borrower, and (ii) constitutes, or will constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms except to the extent enforceability thereof is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and by general principles of equity.
During the Term of Employment, the Company will pay to you a base salary at the rate of not less than $500,000 per annum (the “Base Salary”), which the Company may increase, but not decrease. Base Salary will be paid in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company and shall be subject to payroll deductions and required withholdings.
By executing this Agreement, each Partner expressly agrees, at all times during the term of the Partnership and thereafter and whether or not at the time a Partner of the Partnership, to maintain the confidentiality of, and not to disclose to any person other than the Partnership, another Partner or a person designated by the Partnership, any information relating to the business, financial structure, financial position or financial results, clients or affairs of the Partnership that shall not be generally known to the public or the securities industry, except as otherwise required by law or by any regulatory or self-regulatory organization having jurisdiction; provided , however , that any corporate Partner may disclose any such information it is required by law, rule, regulation or custom to disclose. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each Partner (and any employee, representative or other agent of such Partner) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal income tax treatment and tax structure of the Partnership, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (1) the name of, or any other identifying information regarding (a) the Partners or any existing or future investor (or any Affiliate thereof) in any of the Partners, or (b) any investment or transaction entered into by the Partners; (2) any performance information relating to any of the Partners or their investments; and (3) any performance or other information relating to previous funds or investments sponsored by any of the Partners, does not constitute such tax treatment or tax structure information.
The Executive’s employment hereunder shall be effective as of September 26, 2016 (the “ Effective Date ”) and shall continue until September 26, 2017, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement. The period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder including any renewal term is hereinafter referred to as the “ Employment Term .” The Company shall notify the Executive no later than June 1, 2017 if it wishes to extend the Employment Term for an additional two years. If the Company provides such notice, the Employment Term shall not expire until September 26, 2019. If so extended, the Company may further extend the Employment Term for additional one year terms on an annual basis thereafter by providing such notice no later than June 1in the year in which the Term is to expire. If the Company does not provide such notice by June 1 in the applicable year, the Employment Term shall expire on the September 26 termination date. If the Employment Term is extended as provided herein, all of the provisions of this Agreement shall remain in effect during the period of such extension unless otherwise agreed in writing. If the Employment Term is not extended by the Company for two years following the initial term expiration date of September 26, 2017, Company shall pay to Executive a one-time lump sum cash severance payment of $137,500; this shall be in addition to any payments due to Executive under Section 5.1(a) below.
The Parties agree (a) to furnish upon request to each other such further information, (b) to execute and deliver to each other such other documents, and (c) to do such other acts and things not inconsistent with this Agreement, all as the other Party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.  In addition, and without limitation of the foregoing, in the event that PHMD or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Radiancy Group) shall, following the Closing, come into possession of any of the Business Assets, PHMD shall promptly cause the transfer of such Business Assets to the Surviving Corporation and shall take such actions reasonably requested by the Surviving Corporation to memorialize such transfer.
Licensor warrants that it has the full right and authority to execute and perform pursuant to this Agreement. Licensee warrants that it has the full right and authority to execute and perform pursuant to this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement. Any such counterpart may contain one or more signature pages.
Defined terms used in this Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to them herein or in the Employment Agreement.
Any and all differences, controversies, claims or disputes of any nature whatsoever arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including the interpretation, application, execution, breach, termination or invalidity thereof (each, a “ Dispute ”), if not resolved through negotiations or voluntary mediation, must be resolved through litigation.
The total consideration payable by the Purchaser to or for the account of the Stockholder in consideration for the transactions contemplated hereby shall be a note in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C in the original principal amount of $1,500,000 (the " Note ").  Following the Closing, the Purchaser shall (a) assign all of his right, title and interest under the Note to NLO and (b) cause NLO to assign all of its right, title and interest under the Note to Newco (the " Note Assignments ").  Following the Note Assignments, the Stockholder acknowledges and agrees that Neil Singer, in his individual capacity, shall have no liability to the Stockholder for any outstanding obligations of the Borrower (as such term is defined therein) under the Note.
The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Executive does not conflict with, or result in the breach by the Executive or violation by the Executive of, any other agreement to which the Executive is a party or by which the Executive is bound.  The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify the Company, its officers, directors and shareholders and hold them harmless from and against any liability (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) which they may at any time suffer or incur arising out of or relating to any breach of an agreement, representation or warranty made by the Executive herein.  The Company represents and warrants that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the Company by all necessary corporate and shareholder action, and that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not conflict with, or result in the breach or violation by the Company of, its Certificate of Incorporation, Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or any other agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.  The Company hereby agrees to indemnify the Executive and hold the Executive harmless from and against any liability (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) which the Executive may at any time suffer or incur arising out of or relating to any breach of an agreement, representation or warranty made by the Company herein.  Any indemnity to be paid hereunder shall be payable within thirty (30) days after the Company and the Executive agree that such amounts are owed or there is a final settlement or resolution of the claim or dispute for which the payments are required.
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the DIP Agent as its agent and authorizes the DIP Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the DIP Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.
This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Each standby Letter of Credit issued under this Agreement shall be subject either to the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce (the “ ICC ”) at the time of issuance (“ UCP ”) or the rules of the International Standby Practices (ICC Publication Number 590) (“ ISP98 ”), as determined by the Issuing Lender, and each trade Letter of Credit shall be subject to UCP, and in each case to the extent not inconsistent therewith, the Laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
As compensation for Executive’s performance of Executive’s duties hereunder, for fiscal year 2015, Company shall pay to Executive an annualized base salary of $250,000, less required deductions for state and federal withholding tax, social security and all other employment taxes and payroll deductions, payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Company.  Beginning in fiscal year 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “ Board ”) shall conduct an annual review of Executive’s base salary based on third party comparison data and internal management recommendations. The salary increase will be evaluated after each fiscal year and implemented in September of each year.  In the event Executive’s employment under this Agreement is terminated by either party, for any reason, Executive will earn the base salary prorated to the date of termination.
Effective as of the Closing, Buyer will become solely responsible for all insurance coverage and related risk of loss with respect to the Purchased Assets and the Business.  Buyer acknowledges that all insurance coverage for the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities under policies of Seller and its Affiliates shall terminate as of the Closing and, following the Closing, no claims may be brought against any policy of Seller, or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities regardless of whether the events underlying such claim arose prior to or after the Closing. Without limiting or being limited by any other provision of this Agreement, Buyer does not have any right to make any claim under any insurance policy maintained or formerly maintained by Seller or any of its Affiliates with respect to the Purchased Assets or the Business.
(a)  The Borrower will, from time to time on being required to do so by the Facility Agent or the Hermes Agent, do or procure the doing of all such acts and/or execute or procure the execution of all such documents in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent or the Hermes Agent (as the case may be) as the Facility Agent or the Hermes Agent may reasonably consider necessary for giving full effect to any of the Credit Documents or securing to the Agents and/or the Lenders or any of them the full benefit of the rights, powers and remedies conferred upon the Agents and/or the Lenders or any of them in any such Credit Document.
Each Investor, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other Parties hereto would occur in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that such injury would not be adequately compensable by the remedies available at law (including the payment of money damages). It is accordingly agreed that each Investor, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand (the “ Moving Party ”), shall be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive relief to prevent any violation of, the terms hereof, and the other Parties hereto will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available at law or in equity. This Section 8 is not the exclusive remedy for any violation of this Agreement.
This Lease may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts, each of which shall when taken together be deemed to be a fully executed original.
The term of the Lease of the Substitution Premises shall commence on the Substitution Premises Commencement Date and expire on the date that is 62 months thereafter (“Substitution Premises Term”).
The Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate and the Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold from any payment due under this Agreement or under the Plan or from any compensation or other amount owing to the Participant the amount (in cash, Shares, other securities or other property) of any applicable withholding taxes in respect of the Performance Units or any other payment under this Agreement or the Plan or with respect to the Performance Units and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Administrator to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes.
To the extent Executive meets the eligibility requirements for such arrangements, plans or programs, Executive shall be entitled to: (i) participate in such health (medical, hospital and/or dental) insurance (“ Medical and Health Benefits ”), retirement, life insurance, disability insurance, flexible benefits arrangements and accident insurance plans and programs as are maintained in effect from time to time by the Company for its senior executive officers; (ii) participate in other non-duplicative benefit programs which the Company may from time to time offer generally to senior executive officers of the Company; and (iii) take vacations and personal time in accordance with the Company’s Paid Time Off (“ PTO ”) policy, except that Executive will accrue 120 hours of PTO per year; provided however, that the total amount of PTO that Executive may have accrued during any one year shall be capped at 2 00 hours, with any hours in excess of 200 paid out in the first pay period of December of each year during the Term. In the event of short-term illness, Executive will be provided time to convalesce at home and will be paid Executive’s regular salary for this time. Sick time is not accrued but rather is taken as needed.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (c) appoint, to the extent such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, [ AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS ], [ ADDRESS ], [ CITY ], Delaware [ ZIP CODE ] as its agent in the State of Delaware for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware, and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or make, any claim that the Delaware Court lacks venue or that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.
The section and subsection headings contained in this Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assignees. This Agreement, and Beattie’s rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the parties, nor may the parties pledge, encumber or anticipate any payments or benefits due hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise.
Any action at law, suit in equity or judicial proceeding arising directly, indirectly, or otherwise in connection with, out of, related to or from this Agreement, or any provision hereof, that is not required to be submitted to arbitration pursuant to section 7(a) shall be litigated only in the courts of the State of North Carolina. Executive and the Company consent to the jurisdiction of such courts over the subject matter set forth in Section 7(c) . Executive waives any right Executive may have to transfer or change the venue of any litigation brought against Executive by the Company.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into or be a party to any transaction or arrangement with any Affiliate (excluding any Restricted Subsidiary, but including any Unrestricted Subsidiary or any other Affiliate) (an “ Applicable Affiliate ”) (including, without limitation, the purchase from, sale to or exchange of property with, or the rendering of any service by or for, any Applicable Affiliate), except for (a) management services, operation and maintenance agreements entered into between the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary and one or more SPEs on reasonable business terms, (b) other transactions between or among the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any Applicable Affiliate entered into in the ordinary course of the Borrower’s or such Restricted Subsidiary’s business consistent with past practices, and (c) other transactions or arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Borrower’s or such Restricted Subsidiary’s business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary than would obtain in a comparable arm’s-length transaction with a Person other than an Applicable Affiliate.
A failure by any party to assert its rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such rights, nor shall any waiver be implied from any act or omission. No waiver by a party with respect to any right shall extend its effect to any subsequent breach of the terms hereof of like or different kind unless such waiver explicitly provides otherwise.
The headings of the various provisions of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or construction of any provision.
Borrower agrees to indemnify Lender from and against any and all claims, losses and liabilities, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, growing out of or resulting from this Agreement (including without limitation enforcement of this Agreement), except claims, losses or liabilities resulting solely and directly from Lender’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnification provided for in this Section shall survive the payment in full of the Loan.
NCAP is a Nevada Corporation, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Nevada.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than one Party), each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, and any amendments hereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or other electronic transmission, will be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement and will be considered to have the same binding legal effects as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.
No waiver by any party hereto of any failure or refusal by any other party hereto to comply with its obligations hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of any other or subsequent failure or refusal to so comply. Any party hereto may waive compliance by any other party, the other with respect to any of the other’s agreements or obligations set forth herein.
During Employee’s employment with the Company or the Affiliated Companies, whether during the Term of this Agreement or outside of this Agreement, and after the termination of such employment for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Legal Officer of the Company (or such person’s designee) or as may be otherwise required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any Confidential Information to any person or entity other than the Company or the Affiliated Companies, their employees, and those designated by the Company or the Affiliated Companies, or use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company or the Affiliated Companies. Upon service to Employee of any subpoena, court order or other legal process requiring Employee to disclose Confidential Information, Employee shall immediately provide written notice to the Company of such service and the content of any Confidential Information to be disclosed.
Mr. Schultz’s appointment and service as President and CEO will end on May 12, 2016, the date the successor President and CEO of the Bank commences employment with the Bank. From May 12, 2016 until his retirement on May 31, 2016, Mr. Schultz will be employed as a non-executive employee of the Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mr. Schultz’ employment is “at will” by law and may be terminated at any time, including at any time, without cause by either party on written notice (“Termination”). No other prior or subsequent oral representations, writings, or course of conduct by anybody at the Bank may alter the “at-will” nature of the employment relationship, and nothing in this Agreement should be construed to create any relationship other than “at-will” employment as specified herein. The “at-will” nature of the employment relationship at all times may be modified only when permitted by applicable law and by a writing signed by both Mr. Schultz and the Bank, specifically amending this Agreement with respect to the issue of the “at-will” employment relationship.
The Executive agrees that the covenants contained in Sections 5 through 8 of this Agreement are of the essence of this Agreement; that each of the covenants is reasonable and necessary to protect the business, interests and properties of the Employer, and that irreparable loss and damage will be suffered by the Employer should the Executive breach any of such covenants. Therefore, the Executive agrees and consents that, in addition to all the remedies provided by law or in equity, the Employer shall be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order and temporary and permanent injunctions to prevent a breach or contemplated breach of any of such covenants. Furthermore, in addition to any other remedies, the Executive agrees that any willful violation of the covenants in Sections 5 through 8 that results in material harm to the Employer will result in the immediate forfeiture of any remaining payment that otherwise is or may become due under Section 4.2 or 4.3 , if applicable. The Employer and the Executive agree that all remedies available to the Employer or the Executive, as applicable, shall be cumulative.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Participation Agreement.
To reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser, at no out-of-pocket cost or expense to the Seller, with respect to all matters related to this Agreement.
The Plan Administrator shall serve without bond (except as otherwise required by federal law) and without compensation for his, her or its service as such; but all expenses incurred in the administration of the Plan and the Trust shall be paid by the Trust pursuant to Section 6.03 except to the extent paid by the Company.
Article and paragraph headings are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or meaning of any provisions of this Agreement.
For services performed by the President pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall pay the President a base salary of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) per annum, payable in accordance with the Company’s regular payroll practice subject to any applicable tax and payroll deductions (the “ Base Salary ”). The Base Salary is subject to annual increases in the sole discretion of the Board. Any compensation which may be paid to the President under any additional compensation or incentive plan of the Company or which may be otherwise authorized from time to time by the Board shall be in addition to the Base Salary to which the President shall be entitled to under this Agreement.
The provisions of the following Sections of this Agreement shall survive Closing and shall not be merged into the execution and delivery of the Deed: 3.1; the last paragraph of Section 4.2; 4.5; 5.3; 5.6; 8.1; 9.3; 10.1; 10.8; 10.12; 10.15; 10.16; 10.22; 10.23; 10.24; 10.25 and 10.28.
Borrower shall not wind up, liquidate, or dissolve itself, be a party to any merger or consolidation, or purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the assets or any stock of any class of, or any partnership or joint venture interest in, any other Person, except that any Subsidiary may be merged with and into the Borrower or another Subsidiary, so long as the Borrower or such other Subsidiary is the surviving entity. Borrower shall not, sell, transfer, convey or lease all or any substantial part of its assets, or sell or assign with or without recourse any receivables, except for (a) dispositions in the ordinary course of its business and (b) other dispositions of property in any Fiscal Year during the term of this Agreement for which the net book value in the aggregate does not exceed 10% of the Borrower’s total consolidated assets as shown on the balance sheet for the most recent prior Fiscal Year.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of _________.
The Performance Units are subject to a vesting requirement (in addition to the performance requirement described in Appendix I). The Performance Units earned as described in Appendix I shall become vested on the distribution date of the Award following the end of the Performance Period (the “ Vesting Date ”), provided that your Employment continue at all times from the Date of Grant up to and including the Vesting Date. The Vesting Date will be no earlier than January 1st and no later than June 30th, each of the calendar year immediately following the end of the Performance Period. The foregoing notwithstanding, if you have a Qualifying Termination (as defined below) before the Vesting Date, you may vest in all or portion of this Award as described in Section 4. On the Vesting Date you will be paid Units equal to the number of earned Performance Units (and your Performance Units will be cancelled on the Vesting Date), which will be transferred to a third-party non-retirement brokerage account established for you at Fidelity (your “ Brokerage Account ”). In addition, at the time of such payment in respect of the earned Performance Units, you will also be paid a cash distribution equivalent payment in an amount equal to the product of: (i) the number of Units paid to you; and (ii) the aggregate amount of DERs for the DER Period, without interest.
The occurrence of any of the following events: (a) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate fails to make full payment when due of all amounts which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate is required to pay as contributions, installments, or otherwise to or with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, and such failure could reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of $750,000, (b) an accumulated funding deficiency or funding shortfall in excess of $750,000 occurs or exists, whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan, individually or in the aggregate, (c) a Notification Event, which could reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of $750,000, either individually or in the aggregate, or (d) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate completely or partially withdraws from one or more Multiemployer Plans and incurs Withdrawal Liability in excess of $750,000 in the aggregate, or fails to make any Withdrawal Liability payment when due.
No Holder may participate in any registration hereunder unless such Holder: (i) cooperates with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, and for so long as the Company is obligated to file and keep effective the Registration Statement, provides to the Company, in writing, for use in the Registration Statement, all such information regarding such Holder and its plan of distribution of the Registrable Securities as may be reasonably necessary to enable the Company to prepare the Registration Statement and Prospectus covering the Registrable Securities, to maintain the currency of and effectiveness thereof and otherwise to comply with all applicable requirements of law in connection therewith, (ii) agrees to sell such Holder’s securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements with any underwriter for such registration selected by the Company (including, without limitation, pursuant to the terms of any over-allotment or “green shoe” option requested by the managing underwriter(s)), except that no Holder will be required to sell more than the number of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested the Company to include in any registration, and (iii) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements, and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements; provided that no Holder of Registrable Securities included in any underwritten registration shall be required to make any representations or warranties to, or agreements with, the Company or the underwriters other than such representations and warranties or agreements as are customary in the industry.
All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings specified for such terms in the Distribution Agreement or in the APA.
This Agreement will be governed under the internal laws of the state of Illinois without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Executive agrees that the state and federal courts located in the state of Illinois will have exclusive jurisdiction in any action, lawsuit or proceeding based on or arising out of this Agreement, and Executive hereby (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts, (b) consents to the service of process in connection with any action, suit, or proceeding against Executive, and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction, venue or service of process.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, governmental authorizations and intellectual property rights material to the conduct of its business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under this Agreement. Each Subsidiary organized under the laws of England and Wales and the Netherlands shall cause its registered office and centre of main interests (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) to be situated solely in its jurisdiction of incorporation and shall have an Establishment situated solely in its jurisdiction of incorporation. Each Subsidiary organized under the laws of Germany shall cause its centre of main interests (as defined in Council Regulation (EC) No 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended or superseded from time to time, e.g., pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings)) to be situated in Germany.
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and during the continuation thereof, all or any one or more of the rights, powers, privileges and other remedies available to Lender against Borrower under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents executed and delivered by, or applicable to, Borrower or at law or in equity may be exercised by Lender at any time and from time to time, whether or not all or any part of the Debt shall be declared due and payable, and whether or not Lender shall have commenced any foreclosure proceeding or other action for the enforcement of its rights and remedies under any of the Loan Documents with respect to all or any part of the Property. Any such actions taken by Lender shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued independently, singularly, successively, together or otherwise, at such time and in such order as Lender may determine in its sole discretion, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting the other rights and remedies of Lender permitted by law, equity or contract or as set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower agrees, to the extent permitted under applicable law, that if an Event of Default is continuing (i) Lender is not subject to any “one action” or “election of remedies” law or rule, and (ii) all liens and other rights, remedies or privileges provided to Lender shall remain in full force and effect until Lender has exhausted all of its remedies against the Property and the Security Instrument has been foreclosed upon, sold and/or otherwise realized upon in satisfaction of the Debt or the Debt has been paid in full.
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation days per calendar year (prorated for partial years) in accordance with the Company’s vacation policies, as in effect from time to time.
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are, and after giving effect to the financing transactions referred to herein will be and will continue to be, Solvent.
Any notice provided for in this Agreement must be in writing and must be either personally delivered, transmitted via telecopier, mailed by first class mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested) or sent by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to the recipient at the address below indicated or at such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. Notices will be deemed to have been given hereunder and received when delivered personally, when received if transmitted via telecopier, five days after deposit in the U.S. mail and one day after deposit for overnight delivery with a reputable overnight courier service.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED, CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OR CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE IMPOSITION OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION’S LAW, AND THE APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND THE APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, SHALL GOVERN ANY DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, REMEDY OR CLAIM BETWEEN THE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE EXISTENCE, VALIDITY, PERFORMANCE, OR BREACH THEREOF. WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY. So long as Southcross Holdings is subject to cases under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, all actions and proceedings with respect to, arising directly or indirectly in connection with, out of, related to, or from this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be exclusively litigated, heard and determined in the Bankruptcy Court governing such cases, and the Parties hereby unconditionally and irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and authority of such Bankruptcy Court to hear and determine any such action or proceeding; provided , however , that if such bankruptcy cases are closed or the Bankruptcy Court is unwilling or unable to hear any such dispute, the parties hereby unconditionally and irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state of Delaware.
This Assignment (including the recitals to this Assignment which are incorporated herein), and the Agreement set forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto, and shall supersede any other agreements and understandings (written or oral) between Assignor and Assignee on or prior to the date of this Assignment respecting the matters set forth herein. No amendment or modification to any terms of this Assignment, waiver of any covenant, obligation, breach or default under this Assignment or termination of this Assignment (other than as expressly provided in this Assignment), shall be valid unless in writing and executed and delivered by Assignor and Assignee.
The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
GSK and the Company each agree and acknowledge that a portion of the Shares purchased hereunder are being purchased pursuant to Section 2.1(d)(ii) of the Governance Agreement for the October 1 to December 31, 2015 period and that execution and delivery of this Agreement shall be deemed as adequate and timely notice, pursuant to Section 2.1(d)(ii) of the Governance Agreement, of GSK’s election to purchase such portion of the Shares from the Company with respect to such three month period.  GSK and the Company agree that the execution of this Agreement and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with or result in the breach or termination of, or constitute a default under the terms of, any existing agreement between GSK or any of its affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its affiliates, on the other hand.
The Company shall reimburse the Purchaser for any reasonable expenses incurred by the Purchaser Designee in connection with performing his or her duties as a member of the Board, any committee of the Board or any subcommittee of any such committee, in the same manner as, and to the extent that, the Other Members are reimbursed for such reasonable expenses.  The Company shall take all actions necessary to ensure that (a) the Purchaser Designee is covered by and made a named insured under any director and officer liability insurance policies or other similar liability insurance policies that may be maintained by or on behalf of the Company and (b) the Purchaser Designee is granted the same rights to exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses as the Other Members under the organizational documents of the Company.
No specific provision contained in this Certificate of Designation shall limit or modify any more general provision contained herein. This Certificate of Designation shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all initial holder of the Series A Preferred Stock and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof.
(a) Borrower shall pay interest to Lender on the outstanding balance of the Loan at the Loan Rate. All computations of interest shall be made by Lender on the basis of a 360-day year, in each case for the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest or fee is payable. In no event will Lender charge interest at a rate exceeding the highest rate of interest permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable.
The Administrative Agent shall have received unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of October 4, 2015 and related unaudited interim statements of income and retained earnings.
The terms and provisions of Exhibit A hereto are incorporated herein as if fully set forth herein.
Any payments to be made or benefits to be provided by the Company or any affiliate thereof pursuant to this Article III or any other provision hereof which requires receipt of a release from Executive, shall be subject to the Company's receipt from Executive of an effective general release and agreement not to sue, in a written form satisfactory to the Company (the " Release ").  Notwithstanding the due date of any payment hereunder requiring a Release, the Company shall not be obligated to make any such payment until after the expiration of any revocation period applicable to the Release.
The provisions of this Agreement that contemplate performance after the Closing and the obligations of the parties not fully performed at the Closing shall survive the Closing and shall not be deemed to be merged into or waived by the instruments of Closing.
The Company and the Participant shall comply with all federal and state laws and regulations respecting the required withholding, deposit and payment of any income, employment or other taxes relating to the Award (including Dividend Equivalents). The Company shall withhold the employer’s minimum statutory withholding based upon minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state purposes, including payroll taxes that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income. Any payment of required withholding taxes by the Participant in the form of Common Stock shall not be permitted if it would result in an accounting charge with respect to such shares used to pay such taxes unless otherwise approved by the Committee.
Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or , dissolution not restricted under this Agreement and (ii) none of the Loan Parties or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve, renew or keep in full force and effect its rights, licenses, permits, privileges or franchises if the Lead Borrower should reasonably determine that (a) the preservation and maintenance thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of Parent Holdings and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) the failure to maintain and preserve the same would not reasonably be expected, in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Any term or provision of this Guarantee or any other Credit Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the Guarantor will execute any and all further documents, financing statements, registrations, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and registrations), which may be required under any applicable law, or which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents or to grant, preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created or intended to be created by this Agreement or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at the expense of the Guarantor.
This Amendment shall in all respects be subject to, and governed by, the laws of the Province of Alberta without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments related to any of the collateral securing the Secured Obligations as the Administrative Agent, or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents.
No remedy conferred upon either party by this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to any other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder or existing at law or in equity shall be construed as a waiver thereof, and any such right, remedy, or power may be exercised by such party from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient or necessary by such party in such party’s sole discretion.
The Company has in full force and effect insurance policies, with extended coverage, insuring the Company and its property and business against such losses and risks, and in such amounts, as are customary for corporations engaged in a similar business and similarly situated and as otherwise may be required pursuant to the terms of any other contract or agreement.
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or as set forth in Schedule  2.28 , (a) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or possesses adequate rights to use, all Intellectual Property that are used or held for use in or are otherwise reasonably necessary for the present conduct of their respective businesses, (b) to the Company’s Knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries are not interfering with, infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating Intellectual Property of any Person, and (c) (i) no claim or litigation regarding any of the Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the Company’s Knowledge, threatened and (ii) to the Company’s Knowledge, no claim or litigation regarding any other Intellectual Property described in Section  2.28  and Section  2.28  is pending or threatened.
This Contract shall be governed by the Federal laws of the United States of America and the state laws of California, excluding conflict of law rules that dictate the application of laws in other jurisdictions.
The Borrowers shall pay to Agent the fees set forth in the Fee Letters in the amounts and on the dates set forth therein which fees shall be fully earned and non-refundable when paid.
Schedule 3.6 annexed hereto sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary of the Borrower as of the Closing Date and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party as of the Closing Date, and (b) as of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options or restricted stock granted to employees or directors and directors’ qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of any of the Guarantors directly owned by the Loan Parties that are included in the Collateral, except as created by the Loan Documents or permitted under Section 6.2.
No notice to, filing with, or authorization, registration, consent or approval of any Governmental Authority is necessary for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents by Buyer, except for (a) filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals required under, and other applicable requirements of, the HSR Act and the FTC Order, and (b) those the failure of which to make or obtain would not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Buyer to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Comply in all material respects with its Organization Documents and the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or to its business or property (including without limitation ERISA and Sanctions Laws and Regulations, OFAC and FCPA), except if the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected individually or in the aggregate to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Partnership shall be dissolved upon (i) an Event of Bankruptcy as to the General Partner or the dissolution or withdrawal of the General Partner (unless within ninety (90) days thereafter Limited Partners holding more than fifty percent (50%) of the Limited Partnership Interests in the Partnership elect to continue the Partnership and to elect one or more persons to serve as the General Partner or General Partners of the Partnership), (ii) ninety (90) days following the sale of all or substantially all of the Partnership’s assets ( provided that if the Partnership receives an installment obligation as consideration for such sale or other disposition, the Partnership shall continue, unless sooner dissolved under the provisions of this Agreement, until such time as such obligation is paid in full), (iii) the expiration of the term specified in Section 3.2 , (iv) the redemption of all Limited Partnership Interests (other than any of such interests held by the General Partner or Ashford Prime OP Limited Partner LLC), or (v) the election by the General Partner (but only in accordance with and as permitted by applicable law) that the Partnership should be dissolved. Upon dissolution of the Partnership (unless the business of the Partnership is continued as set forth above), the General Partner (or its trustee, receiver, successor or legal representative) shall proceed with the winding up of the Partnership, and its assets shall be applied and distributed as herein provided.
Schedule 1(b)(i) sets forth as of the Closing Date a complete and accurate list of all Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office, as applicable, and all applications therefor, held by each of the Obligors.
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank (except that the Issuing Bank in respect of Existing Letters of Credit shall not issue additional Letters of Credit and shall not be required to renew or extend an Existing Letter of Credit unless agreed by it) and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section 2.05), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit.  If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, the LC Exposure shall not exceed $75,000,000.
Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Guaranty and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Guaranty.
This Agreement and the Employment Agreement contain the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Grantee concerning the Market Stock Units granted hereby, and supersede any prior or contemporaneous negotiations and understandings.  The Company and the Grantee have made no promises, agreements, conditions, or understandings relating to the Market Stock Units, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement.
This Change in Control Agreement, together with the Offer Letter, and Retention Agreement dated January 1, 2016, as amended, contain the entire agreement between you and the Company concerning your employment with the Company, and supersede any previous agreements or understandings, whether written or oral. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Change in Control Agreement does not affect the at-will nature of your employment relationship with the Company. Except as otherwise amended in this Change in Control Agreement, all provisions of the Offer Letter and any amendments thereto, shall remain in full force and effect. This Change in Control Agreement may be amended solely in a written document executed on behalf of both parties.
Nothing in this Agreement should in any way be deemed (i) a waiver of the Specified Defaults or any Other Default or any term or provision of the Notes or (ii) an agreement to forbear from exercising any rights or remedies with respect to the Specified Defaults (except as expressly set forth herein) or any Other Default. The Holders have not waived or released, are not by this Agreement waiving or releasing, and have no present intention of waiving or releasing, the Specified Defaults or any Other Default, or any remedies or rights of the Holders with respect thereto, all of which are hereby expressly reserved. Any waiver of the Specified Defaults or any Other Default shall be effective only if set forth in a written instrument executed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of the Notes.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, no sale or other disposition of an interest in the Company may be made except in compliance with all federal, state and other applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws.  Nothing in this Section 7.5 shall be construed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions of the Securityholders Agreement or the Management Grant Agreements, and to the extent any such provisions apply, they are then to be construed as being incorporated in this Agreement and made a part hereof.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or Holdings, the Borrower or any of their Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C-BA Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
The headings of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and are not binding on any interpretation of this Agreement.
The Company will employ Executive as its [     ] reporting to [the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“ CEO ”) and] its Board of Directors (the “ Board ”), and Executive accepts employment to serve in this capacity, all upon the terms and conditions in this Agreement. Executive will have those duties and responsibilities that are consistent with Executive’s position as [     ], as determined by [the CEO and] the Board. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change or modify Executive’s position, title and duties during the term of this Agreement, subject to Executive’s rights under Section 7(e) .
No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by the Executive and such other officer of the Company as may be specifically designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto, or compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New Jersey without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
The Loan Parties shall execute such UCC‑1 or PPSA financing statements as are required by the UCC or the PPSA, as applicable and such other instruments, assignments or documents as are necessary to perfect the Agent’s Lien upon any of the Collateral and shall take such other action as may be required to perfect or to continue the perfection of the Agent’s Lien upon the Collateral, other than, in each case, Excluded Perfection Actions.  Unless prohibited by applicable law, each Loan Party hereby authorizes the Agent to execute and file any such financing statement, including financing statements that indicate the Collateral (a) as all assets of such Loan Party or words of similar effect, or (b) as being of an equal or lesser scope, or with greater or lesser detail, than as set forth in Section 4.01 on such Loan Party’s behalf.  Each Loan Party also hereby ratifies its authorization for the Agent to have filed in any jurisdiction any like financing statements or amendments thereto if filed prior to the date hereof.  At the Agent’s request, each Loan Party shall also promptly execute or cause to be executed and shall deliver to the Agent any and all documents, instruments and agreements deemed necessary by the Agent to give effect to or carry out the terms or intent of the Loan Documents, provided that no Loan Party shall be required to take any Excluded Perfection Action.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held unenforceable or invalid under the Laws of the United States of America or the State of Indiana, or under any other applicable Laws of any other jurisdiction, then the Parties agree that such provision shall be deemed reformed and modified for purposes of performance of this Agreement in such jurisdiction to the extent necessary to render it lawful and enforceable, or if such a reformation or modification is not possible without materially altering the intention of the Parties, then such provision shall be severed herefrom for purposes of performance of this Agreement in such jurisdiction. The validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected by any such modification or severance.
This Agreement constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, effective from and after the Closing Date. The execution and delivery of this Agreement shall not constitute a novation of any indebtedness or other obligations owing to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement based on facts or events occurring or existing prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement. On the Closing Date, the credit facilities described in the Existing Credit Agreement, shall be amended, supplemented, modified and restated in their entirety by the facilities described herein, and all loans and other obligations of the Borrower outstanding as of such date under the Existing Credit Agreement, shall be deemed to be loans and obligations outstanding under the corresponding facilities described herein, without any further action by any Person, except that the Administrative Agent shall make such transfers of funds as are necessary in order that the outstanding balance of such Loans, together with any Loans funded on the Closing Date, reflect the respective Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders hereunder.
If the transactions contemplated herein are not consummated, or following the occurrence of a Termination Date, if applicable, nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver by any Party of any or all of such Party’s rights, and the Parties expressly reserve any and all of their respective rights. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement, the Plan, and all negotiations relating hereto are part of a proposed settlement of matters that could otherwise be the subject of litigation. Pursuant to Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, any applicable state rules of evidence, and any other applicable law, foreign or domestic, this Agreement, the Plan, any related documents, and all negotiations relating thereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce the terms of this Agreement.
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act.
The parties agree that at the Closing, each of the Prior Agreements shall be terminated automatically without any further action by either party, provided, that, all provisions of each of the Prior Agreements that expressly or by their nature provide for rights, obligations, or remedies that extend beyond termination of the Prior Agreement shall survive and remain in full force and effect.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, sent by fax, or nationally recognized overnight courier or mailed by first class certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid to the address of each party as set forth on Schedule 7 annexed hereto.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights or duties of a party hereto may be assigned by such party, in whole or in part, without (a) the prior written consent of the Company in the case of any assignment by an Investor; or (b) the prior written consent of the Investor in the case of an assignment by the Company.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the performance of KaloBios’ obligations hereunder and thereunder and the assignments and licenses to be granted pursuant to the Transaction Documents do not and will not (a) conflict with or violate any requirement of applicable Law; (b) conflict with or violate the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of KaloBios; (c) conflict with, violate, breach or constitute a default under any material contractual obligations of KaloBios or any of its Affiliates; or (d) conflict with or violate any Government authorization, permit or consent.  No Person has any right to cause KaloBios to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of KaloBios or any of its Affiliates, and neither KaloBios nor any of its Affiliates is a party to or otherwise bound by any oral or written contract or agreement that would prevent or restrict the ability of KaloBios to register for resale the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act or otherwise limit the amount of Warrant Shares that KaloBios could register for resale under the Securities Act.
(a) Any notice or other instrument in writing, authorized or required by this Agreement to be given to Securities Intermediary, shall be sufficiently given if addressed to Securities Intermediary and received by it at its offices at 101 Barclay Street, New York, New York 10286, or at such other place as Securities Intermediary may from time to time designate in writing.
(h) Each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell one or more participations to any Person (other than the Lead Borrower any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates (excluding Affiliate Lenders)) in all or any part of its Revolving Advances or Revolving Commitments or in any other Obligation; provided , that (x) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (y) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (z) the Borrowers, the Agents, the Issuers and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 9.10 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its participants.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein (including in the preliminary statements hereto) have the meanings assigned to them in the Restated Credit Agreement for all purposes of this Amendment Agreement.
Any notice required to be given to RGP pursuant to this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given either when served personally or via facsimile and addressed to the appropriate party. Any notice required to be given to Employee pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given when served personally, by first class mail or via facsimile. Notices to RGP shall be effective only when addressed to: Chief Legal Officer, Resources Global Professionals, 17101 Armstrong Avenue, Irvine, California 92614; facsimile (714) 430-6424. Notice to Employee shall be effective only when addressed to:                     .
The Borrowers shall, and shall cause each of their Subsidiaries to, (a) comply with all Requirements of Law and all restrictive covenants affecting such Person or the business, Property, assets or operations of such Person, and (b) obtain and maintain as needed all Permits necessary for its operations (including, without limitation, the operation of the Projects) and maintain such Permits in good standing, except where noncompliance with either clause (a) or (b) above is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or a Mall Owner Material Adverse Effect; provided , however , that the Borrowers shall, and shall cause each of their Subsidiaries to, comply with all Environmental, Health or Safety Requirements of Law affecting such Person or the business, Property, assets or operations of such Person. The Borrowers will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrowers, their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
This Agreement and the agreements and documents referred to herein contain the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as expressly provided in Section 7.2(f) , supersede all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter in any way.
By establishing the Plan, granting awards under the Plan, and entering into this Agreement, the Company does not give the Grantee any right to continue to be employed by the Company or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in this Agreement or the Plan .
This Agreement, together with all exhibits hereto, embody the entire understanding between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, including that certain Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement dated May 15, 2015 between Licensor and AAVLife SAS. All “Confidential Information” (as defined in such Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement) disclosed by one Party to the other Party pursuant to such Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be deemed “Confidential Information” of such disclosing Party under this Agreement (unless and until it falls within one of the exclusions set forth in Section 1.9). This Agreement may not be varied except by a written document signed by duly authorized representatives of both Parties.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has carefully read this Agreement and Release and understands that it is a release of all claims, known and unknown, past or present including all claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act.  He further agrees that he has entered into this Agreement and Release for the above stated consideration.  He warrants that he is fully competent to execute this Agreement and Release which he understands to be contractual.  He further acknowledges that he executes this Agreement and Release of his own free will, after having a reasonable period of time to review, study and deliberate regarding its meaning and effect, and after being advised to consult an attorney, and without reliance on any representation of any kind or character not expressly set forth herein.  Finally, he executes this Agreement and Release fully knowing its effect and voluntarily for the consideration stated above.
No report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender (other than projections and other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any Other Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contained when furnished any material misstatement of fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or furnished, not materially misleading. Projected financial information and pro forma financial information delivered by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender prior to the Restatement Effective Date was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation; it being understood that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties and may vary from actual results and that such variances may be material. There is no fact known to any Loan Party or which reasonably should be known to such Loan Party which such Loan Party has not disclosed to the Administrative Agent in writing with respect to the Transactions which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Subject to the DIP Orders, each of the Parent and the Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of their business, except where the failure to so preserve, renew or keep could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03.
In the event that any paragraph, section, sentence, clause or phrase contained in this Agreement becomes or is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, null or void or against public policy, the remaining paragraphs, sections, sentences, clauses or phrases contained in this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.
This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise in accordance with the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without reference to the principles of conflicts of law of the Commonwealth of Virginia or any other jurisdiction, and where applicable, the laws of the United States.
This Assignment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Assignor, Assignee and their respective successors and assigns. The parties shall execute and deliver such further and additional instruments, agreements, and other documents as may be necessary to evidence or carry out the provisions of this Assignment.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE SEPARATION AGREEMENT OR AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SPINCO AGREES THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL PARENT OR ITS AFFILIATES BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERFORMANCE BY SPINCO IN ANY RESPECT OF THE SUBJECT CONTRACTS OR TO ANY SPINCO COMPANY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO SPINCO’S PERFORMANCE OF THE SUBJECT CONTRACTS AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT. SPINCO, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE OTHER SPINCO COMPANIES, FOREVER WAIVES, RELEASES AND DISCHARGES PARENT AND ITS AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CAUSES OF ACTION WHATSOEVER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY THAT MAY ARISE FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH SPINCO’S PERFORMANCE OF THE SUBJECT CONTRACTS AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT.
Except as provided herein, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Company and the Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof and, from and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement (including the Cash America Severance Agreement) between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. By entering into this Agreement, Executive hereby waives any and all rights to any compensation and/or severance benefits under the Cash America Severance Agreement (including, without limitation, any severance benefits payable upon a Qualifying Termination, as such term is defined in the Cash America Severance Agreement, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement).
Except as expressly provided herein, you acknowledge and agree that you are not entitled to and will not receive any additional compensation, wages, reimbursement, severance, or benefits from the Company.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Hawaii, without reference to the principles of conflict of laws thereof.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company concerning the compensation to be paid to you and all of the terms and conditions of your employment and supersedes all prior agreements concerning same, whether written or oral, except as specifically set forth herein. Each party agrees to pay reasonable attorney’s fees and costs incurred by the other if the other party is successful in enforcing its rights under this Agreement in any court action, arbitration or other proceeding. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by written instrument duly executed by each of the parties. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or the breach thereof shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement or of any subsequent breach of any term or condition hereof. The parties agree the terms of this Agreement are retroactive to May 1, 2015.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, the representations, warranties and covenants of Saltzman contained in this Agreement will survive any termination of Saltzman’s employment with CFI and its Affiliates through and until the expiration of the Restricted Period.
This Agreement and Employee’s employment hereunder shall continue during the Term and thereafter until terminated as provided herein. Upon termination of this Agreement and Employee’s employment hereunder, Employee shall immediately resign from any officer, director or other position in which she is serving on behalf of the Company or any Affiliate, and shall tender her resignation as a director of any and all Affiliates of the Company.
Each Holder hereby represents and warrants to TPB that it owns beneficially and exclusively of record and has good, valid and marketable title to the Warrant set forth opposite such Holder’s name on Schedule 1 free and clear of any security interest, lien, claim, pledge, proxy, option, right of first refusal, agreement, voting restriction, limitation on disposition, charge, adverse claim of ownership or use or other encumbrance of any kind and has the full right, power and authority to sell, transfer and deliver such Warrant, and such Holder does not own, directly or indirectly, any warrants to purchase common units of Intrepid other than such Warrant.
Schedule 7.1.(f) is, as of the Agreement Fourth Amendment Effective Date, a complete and correct listing of all real estate assets of the Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries.  Schedule 4.1. attached hereto is, as of the Agreement Fourth Amendment Effective Date, a complete and correct listing of all Borrowing Base Properties owned by the Loan Parties and Non-Loan Party BB Property Subsidiaries .  Each of the Loan Parties and all other Subsidiaries have good, marketable and legal title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, their respective assets (subject to Permitted Liens and, in the case of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties or Non-Loan Party BB Property Subsidiaries , Liens not prohibited by this Agreement).  No Borrowing Base Property or any ownership interest of the Borrower in any Subsidiary that directly or indirectly owns any Borrowing Base Property is subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens.  Unless otherwise waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, each Borrowing Base Property included in the Unencumbered Pool satisfies all applicable requirements under Section 4.2.
Each of the Administrative Agent, the Banks and the Fronting Banks agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below) and to use such Information solely for the purposes of this Agreement and the transaction contemplated hereby, except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives who are actively and directly participating in the evaluation, administration or enforcement of the Loan, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.15, to any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.15 or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Bank, any Fronting Bank or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower that is not to the knowledge of such Credit Party subject to confidentiality obligations to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates.
The Participant and the Company agree that this Agreement, and the portions of the Original Agreement expressly incorporated herein, set forth the entire agreement between the Participant and the Company regarding the subject matter referenced herein and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matters, including without limitation the Original Agreement (except as expressly incorporated herein).
This Warrant Agreement and the Warrant Certificates constitute the entire agreement of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the Beneficial Owners and Warrantholders with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the Company, the Warrant Agent and the Beneficial Owners and Warrantholders with respect to the subject matter hereof.
NuGene shall indemnify Kharazmi to the fullest extent permitted by NuGene’s Bylaws and applicable Delaware law. The Parties further agree that all liabilities incurred by Kharazmi in his capacity as Chairman shall be incurred for the account of NuGene, and Kharazmi shall not be personally liable therefore. Kharazmi shall not be liable to NuGene, or any of its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, representatives, successors, assigns, stockholders, and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, and NuGene shall, and hereby agrees to, indemnify, defend and hold Kharazmi harmless from and against any and all damages and/or loss or liability (including, without limitation, all cost of defense thereof), for any acts or omissions in the performance of service under and within the scope of this Agreement on the part of Kharazmi, other than for acts which are deemed to be grossly negligent or criminal in nature.
Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (the “ Company ”) has adopted this Second Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefit Plan (this “ Plan ”) to provide for the payment of severance or change in control benefits to Eligible Individuals (as defined below). The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “ Board ”) to be effective as of September 26, 2016 (the “ Effective Date ”).
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each such counterpart hereof shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.
Such Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge and deliver any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto and restatements hereof and any other agreements, instruments or documents, and take any and all such other actions, as may from time to time be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders to effect, confirm or further assure or protect and preserve the interests, rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents.
No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with any officer, director or Affiliate of Holdings or any its Subsidiaries on terms that are less favorable to Holdings or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that might be obtained in a comparable arm’s length transaction at the time from a Person who is not an officer, director or Affiliate of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries; provided , the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) any transaction between or among the Credit Parties and (b) normal and reasonable compensation and reimbursement of expenses of officers and directors in the ordinary course of business.
This Option Agreement, the Notice and the Offer Letter constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning this Option are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Option Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Option Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Option Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Option Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party.
The CIRR Fee shall be payable by the Borrower in EUR quarterly in arrears from the date of commencement of the period described in Section 3.5 and, if applicable, on the earliest of (i) the date falling sixty (60) days prior to the expected Disbursement Date, (ii) the date falling thirty-two (32) days after the date on which the Borrower elects the Floating Rate pursuant to Section 3.3.2 or, as to any portion of the Loan converted to a Floating Rate Loan pursuant to Section 3.3.3 , the date on which such portion so converts to a Floating Rate Loan, (iii) the date upon which the Facility Agent has provided written notice to the Borrower that the Lenders will not advance the Loan because the Commitments shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.2 or 8.3 and (iv) any other date on which the Commitments shall have been terminated.
Seller shall keep the Property insured under its current or comparable policies (evidence of which policies have been provided to Purchaser as part of the Seller Deliverables), including, but not limited, to Seller’s coverage against fire and other hazards.
No broker, finder, financial advisor or investment banker, other than Lazard Middle Market LLC (whose fees shall be included in Seller Expenses), is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s, investment banker’s fee or commission or similar payment in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Sellers.
This Award Agreement shall be binding upon any successor of the Company, in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan.
Tenant represents and warrants that it has not directly or indirectly dealt, with respect to the leasing of office space in the Building, with any broker or had its attention called to the Premises or other space to let in the Building, etc. by anyone other than the broker, person or firm, if any, designated in Exhibit 1.  Tenant agrees to defend, exonerate and save harmless and indemnify Landlord and anyone claiming by, through or under Landlord against any claims for a commission arising out of the execution and delivery of this Lease or out of negotiations between Landlord and Tenant with respect to the leasing of other space in the Building, provided that Landlord shall be solely responsible for the payment of brokerage commissions to the broker, person or firm, if any, designated as Landlord’s Broker in Exhibit 1.  Landlord shall pay a brokerage commission to Tenant’s Broker and Landlord’s Broker, pursuant to separate agreements between Landlord and Landlord’s Broker and Landlord and Tenant’s Broker.
In the event of a Change in Control, any then-unvested PSUs shall vest in accordance with Appendix A and shall become immediately vested on the effective date of the termination of Participant’s Continuous Service if, within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, Participant’s Continuous Service is terminated by (i) the Company or a Subsidiary without Cause or (ii) Participant for Good Reason.
This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic delivery (PDF), and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so delivered shall be deemed an original, but all of which counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax, emailed pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any funding of any Loan, and shall continue in full force and effect until Payment in Full of the Obligations.
The Holder has the requisite legal capacity, power and authority to enter into, and perform under, this Agreement and to exchange such Holder’s Holder Options and receives the Shares in exchange thereof. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and performance by such Holder and the consummation by such Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate, partnership or similar action on the part of such Holder and no further consent or authorization is required. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Holder, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Holder, enforceable against the Holder in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors' rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities laws. Holder understands that by executing this Agreement, Holder is automatically, irrevocably and contemporaneously exchanging such Holder’s Holder Options and thereafter such Holder Options will be null and void.
Prior to the Closing Time, Seller shall (i) maintain the Assets in customary repair, order, and condition, reasonable wear and tear and damage by fire or other unavoidable casualty excepted; (ii) maintain insurance on the Assets consistent with its historical practices and all risk of loss shall be on Seller; and (iii) remain in substantial compliance with any obligations it has under the Assumed Contracts or otherwise relating to maintenance of and insurance upon the Assets.
Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser, the performance by it of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated herein have been duly authorized by the manager(s) of Purchaser, and no other limited liability company proceedings on the part of Purchaser are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by Purchaser of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Purchaser and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general principles of equity.
This Agreement may be terminated by Purchaser, as to Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the Purchaser, by written notice to the other party, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before December 5, 2016 [1] ; provided , however , that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party.
Except as disclosed to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower in writing from time to time after the Amendment Signing Date, (a) Schedule 4.15 (i) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party and (ii) identifies all of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors and directors’ qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, except to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents.
After giving effect to such change in registration, the insurance requirements of Section 10 are satisfied in respect of the applicable Aircraft.
Any action which may be brought in a court of law with respect to this Agreement may be brought in the courts of the Province of British Columbia, and the Executive accepts for himself and with respect to the Executive’s property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of these courts. The Executive irrevocably waives any objection, including, but not limited to, any objection of the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens , which the Executive may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any action in those jurisdictions.
Mr. DeCarlo specifically covenants and agrees not to, directly or indirectly, make or cause to be made to anyone any statement, orally or in writing, criticizing or disparaging the Company with respect to his employment with the Company. The Company specifically covenants and agrees not to, directly or indirectly, make or cause to be made to anyone any statement, orally or in writing, criticizing or disparaging Mr. DeCarlo with respect to his employment with the Company. Further, from and after the date of this Agreement, Mr. DeCarlo shall refrain from (i) discussing the terms of this Agreement with any party other than Mr. DeCarlo’s spouse, attorney, or accountant (except to the extent Mr. DeCarlo legally is compelled to do so); (ii) initiating any communication regarding Mr. DeCarlo’s involvement with the Company or the Company in general with any of the Company’s past or present directors, officers, employees, shareholders, agents, potential acquisition candidates or with any other party engaged or involved, in any manner, in the death care industry who has a relationship with the Company; and (iii) holding himself out as being associated, in any manner, with the Company, including by attending any conference or event on behalf of the Company.
The business and operations of Steampunk have been and are being conducted materially in accordance with all applicable Laws and Orders. Steampunk has not received notice of any violation (or any Proceeding involving an allegation of any violation) of any applicable Law or Order by or affecting Steampunk and, to the Knowledge of Steampunk, no proceeding involving an allegation of violation of any applicable Law or Order is threatened or contemplated. To the Knowledge of Steampunk, it has complied with all federal and state securities laws in connection with the offer, sale and distribution of its securities. At the time that Steampunk sold the Shares to the Sellers, Steampunk was entitled to use the exemptions provided by the Securities Act of 1933 (the “ Securities Act ”) relative to the sale of its shares.
Attached to Section 3(g) of the Disclosure Schedule are the following financial statements (collectively the “ Financial Statements ”): (i) audited balance sheets and statements of income, statement of members’ equity, and cash flow as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2014 for Seller; (ii) unaudited balance sheet and statement of income, statement of members’ equity, and cash flow as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the “ Most Recent Year Financial Statements ”); and (iii) unaudited balance sheet and statement of income, and cash flow (the “ Most Recent Financial Statements ”) as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016 (the “ Most Recent Fiscal Month End ”) for Logicmark. Except as set forth on Section 3(g) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly the financial condition of Logicmark as of such dates and the results of operations of Logicmark; provided, however, that the Most Recent Year Financial Statements and Most Recent Financial Statements are subject to normal year-end adjustments and lack footnotes and other presentation items. All Indebtedness of the Company as of immediately prior to the Closing (including the outstanding amount thereof) is set forth on Section 3(g) of the Disclosure Schedule.
The representations and warranties of SB RS set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Assignment Date, as though made on and as of the Assignment Date (except that representations and warranties that speak as of a specified date shall have been true and correct only as of such date), except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct (without regard to qualification or exceptions contained therein as to “materiality” or “SB RS Material Adverse Effect”) would not be reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a SB RS Material Adverse Effect.
Section 4.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedules lists as of the date of this Agreement all policies of property, fire and casualty, workers’ compensation, and other forms of insurance held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or held by an Affiliate of the Company and which cover or relate to the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and describes any self-insurance or co-insurance arrangements by or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. True and complete copies of the insurance policies held by the Company or its Subsidiaries and listed on Section 4.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedules (the “ Company Policies ”) have been made available to Buyer. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any insurer under any such Company Policies notifying of non-renewal of such policy or canceling any such policy or denying coverage thereunder. All premiums on such Company Policies due and payable as of the date hereof have been paid and all of such Company Policies are in full force and effect. There are no pending claims against any Company Policies by either the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that insurers are defending under reservation of rights and, to the Company’s Knowledge, there exists no claim under any Company Policy that has not been properly filed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Section 4.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, such Company Policies will not be affected by or terminate or lapse by reason of the Transactions.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed or caused to be filed all Federal, state, national and other tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state, national and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (b) as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Company or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement.
This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the other agreements and documents referred to herein are intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein or in the Purchase Agreement with respect to the rights granted by the Company or any of its Affiliates or the Purchasers or any of their respective Affiliates set forth herein or therein. This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the other agreements and documents referred to herein or therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given by the Company or Adaptive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, one day after being delivered to an overnight courier of national reputation for next day priority delivery, or upon delivery (if prior to 5:00 p.m. recipient ’ s local time on a business day, otherwise on the next business day) by facsimile or electronic mail (with a hard copy to follow by delivery to a national reputation carrier for non-priority delivery), addressed to the parties at the addresses and/or facsimile telephone number/electronic mail address of the parties set forth at the end of this Agreement, or such other address as a party may request by notifying the other in writing.
This Agreement and the LTIP constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the matters described herein, and supersede any and all prior and/or contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties.
In the event any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Agreement, and the Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. Further, the captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force and effect.
Subject to entry of the PPA and BCA Approval Order, this Agreement will have been, and subject to the entry of the PPA and BCA Approval Order, the Disclosure Statement Order, and the Confirmation Order, each other Transaction Agreement will be, duly executed and delivered by the Company and each of the other Debtors party thereto. Upon entry of the PPA and BCA Approval Order and assuming due and valid execution and delivery hereof by the Commitment Parties, the PPA and BCA Approval Obligations will constitute the valid and legally binding obligations of the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors, enforceable against the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditor’s rights generally and subject to general principles of equity. Upon entry of the PPA and BCA Approval Order and assuming due and valid execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements by the Commitment Parties and, to the extent applicable, any other parties hereof and thereof, each of the obligations of the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors hereunder and thereunder will constitute the valid and legally binding obligations of the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors, enforceable against the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors, in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditor’s rights generally and subject to general principles of equity.
Set forth on Exhibit 12.1(f) attached hereto is a list of all material Approvals or Consents required to own, operate or use the Facility or to operate the Business ( “Required Permits” ). All Required Permits are in full force and effect and are not subject to any claim, default, condition, sanction, limitation or penalty. Kindred has delivered to New Operator true, correct and complete copies of the most recent Required Permits necessary or required for the occupancy and operation of the Facility and the Business.
Each party's obligations under this Section 3.4 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.
The term of a SAR shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, but in no event shall the term exceed ten   (10) years from the Date of Grant; provided that, each SAR granted in tandem with a Stock Option shall terminate upon the termination or exercise of the related Stock Option.
To the knowledge of Seller, neither this Agreement nor any other Transaction Document furnished to Buyer by Seller contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the representation and warranties contained in this Article III are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date as though made on that date (except with respect to such representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date, which are true and correct as of such particular date).
Seller’s execution, delivery and compliance with, and performance of the terms and provisions of, this Agreement, and the sale of the Asset, will not (i) conflict with or result in any violation of its organizational documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any violation of any provision of any bond, note or other instrument of indebtedness, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other agreement or instrument to which Seller is a party in its individual capacity, or (iii) violate any Applicable Law relating to Seller or its assets or properties.
Executive shall serve as the Company’s Vice-President of Finance, with such duties as are customarily associated with such position for a public company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall report to and perform the specific duties and responsibilities assigned to him by the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
This Voting Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which the receipt of this Award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event.  The Company shall have the authority to cause the required minimum tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued to the Grantee a number of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy the withholding amount due.
Establish, maintain, contribute to or become obligated to contribute to or incur any liability in respect of any ERISA Plan or suffer or permit any member of the Controlled Group to do so.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and performance under the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or relating hereto or thereto do not and will not (i) result in a violation of Purchaser’s charter documents, bylaws or other organizational documents, if applicable, (ii) conflict with nor constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under any agreement to which Purchaser is a party, nor (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment or decree of any court or governmental agency applicable to Purchaser or its properties (except for such conflicts, defaults and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Purchaser). Purchaser is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or perform under the other Transaction Documents nor to purchase the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, provided that for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, Purchaser is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of the Company herein.
Promptly upon the reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall, and shall cause the Subsidiary Guarantors to, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Loan Document, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject any Loan Party’s Equity Interests to the Liens granted by the Pledge Agreement to the extent required thereunder and (iii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of the Pledge Agreement and any of the Liens created thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Borrower nor any subsidiary shall be required to comply with the provisions of clauses (b)(ii) or (iii) of this Section 5.11 during any Collateral Suspension Period.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee or Qualified Institutional Buyer, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
THIS AMENDMENT WILL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK).
The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies (not Affiliates of the Borrower) in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and are similarly situated.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
This Agreement contains all understandings, promises and representations between Employee and the Released Parties pertaining to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and replaces in full all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, promises, representations and warranties, both written and oral, between Employee and the Released Parties with respect to such subject matters.
The Lenders party hereto hereby consent to the release by Administrative Agent of the Mortgaged Property described on Schedule A and all Liens related thereto. The Administrative Agent hereby agrees to execute and to promptly deliver to Borrowers (at the sole expense of the Borrowers), all documents, releases of liens, mortgage satisfactions, discharges, terminations or other release documentation reasonably requested by Borrowers and to take all additional steps as may be necessary to release or terminate its security interests in such Mortgaged Property or to evidence this consent. The parties hereto further agree that from and after the date of this Amendment, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, the Mortgaged Property described on Schedule A shall be deemed not to be included as Mortgaged Property for purposes of the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents.
If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting the Company’s creditors’ rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and disbursements.
The Administrative Committee will establish procedures to protect the voting and tender offer rights of the Participants and Beneficiaries and to ensure that the manner in which each Participant or Beneficiary exercises his voting or tender offer rights is confidential with respect to the Administrative Committee and the management of the Company.
The Board may terminate the Plan at any time. After such termination, no further amounts shall be deferred under the Plan, and the Account balances shall be paid in accordance with Section 5.
The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No. 2 (as so amended, the “Amended Agreement”), contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede and terminate any prior understandings, agreements, obligations or representations, written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof, including, but not limited to the Agreement as originally executed. The parties agree that the Amended Agreement is the result of negotiations between the parties and that the language of the Amended Agreement shall not be construed for or against any particular party.
The Borrower shall furnish a copy of this Guaranty to the Lender at the closing of the Loan.
Each Party (i) irrevocably consents to submit itself to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or state court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue or jurisdiction of any such dispute in any such court or that such dispute was brought in an inconvenient forum, and agrees not to plead or claim the same.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither any Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.8.  Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.8, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.8, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.8 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.8.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
Each Lender may, without the consent of Agent or Borrower, sell participations to one or more Lenders or other entities (but not to any natural person) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that (a) any such sale or participation shall not affect the rights and duties of the selling Lender hereunder, (b) such participation shall not entitle such participant to any rights or privileges under this Agreement or any Loan Documents, including without limitation, rights granted to the Lenders under §§4.8, 4.9, 4.10 and 13, (c) such participation shall not entitle the participant to the right to approve waivers, amendments or modifications, (d) such participant shall have no direct rights against the Borrower, (e) such sale is effected in accordance with all applicable laws, and (f) such participant shall not be a Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with, or which is not otherwise free from influence or control by the Borrower and/or any Guarantor and shall not be a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender; provided , however , such Lender may agree with the participant that it will not, without the consent of the participant, agree to (i) increase, or extend the term or extend the time or waive any requirement for the reduction or termination of, such Lender’s Commitment, (ii) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on the Loans or portions thereof owing to such Lender (other than pursuant to an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to §2.12), (iii) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal, (iv) reduce the rate at which interest is payable thereon or (v) release any Guarantor or any material Collateral (except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement).  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans, or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
Unless otherwise specifically defined in this First Amendment, each term used herein which is defined in the Lease shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Lease. Each reference to “hereof”, “hereunder”, “herein”, “hereby”, and each other similar reference and each reference to “this Lease”, and each other similar reference contained in the Lease shall from the date of this First Amendment refer to the Lease as amended by this First Amendment.
This Security Joinder Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Security Joinder Agreement to produce or account for more than one such counterpart executed by the Joining Grantor.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties hereto respecting the matters within its scope. As of the date hereof, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements of the parties hereto that directly or indirectly bear upon the subject matter hereof. Any prior negotiations, correspondence, agree-ments, proposals or understandings relating to the subject matter hereof shall be deemed to be of no force or effect, and the parties to any such other negotiations, commitments, agreements or writings shall have no further rights or obligations thereunder. There are no representations, warranties, or agreements, whether express or implied, or oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, except as expressly set forth herein.
The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts such employment and agrees to perform Executive’s duties and responsibilities, in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions hereinafter set forth.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which counterparts, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission or other electronic image scan transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement.
No failure or delay on the part of an Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document and no course of dealing between the Borrower or any other Credit Party and an Agent or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder.  The rights, powers and remedies herein or in any other Credit Document expressly provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies which an Agent or any Lender would otherwise have.  No notice to or demand on any Credit Party in any case shall entitle any Credit Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of an Agent or any Lender to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand.
Each of Holdings, Parent Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has (a) timely filed or caused to be timely filed all federal Tax Returns and all material state, local and foreign Tax Returns or materials required to have been filed by it and all such Tax Returns are true and correct in all material respects and (b) duly and timely paid, collected or remitted or caused to be duly and timely paid, collected or remitted all Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) due and payable, collectible or remittable by it and all assessments received by it, except Taxes (i) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Person has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP and (ii) which could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Each of Holdings, Parent Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes not yet due and payable.  Each of Holdings, Parent Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is unaware of any proposed or pending tax assessments, deficiencies or audits that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
All capitalized terms in this Notice shall have the meaning assigned to them in this Notice or the Company’s 2010 Stock Incentive Plan.
In consideration of the Termination Benefits, and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Executive for himself and for his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives and assigns (collectively, the “ Releasors ”), hereby releases, remises, and acquits the Company and its affiliates and all of their respective past, present and future parent entities, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related business entities, any of their successors and assigns, assets, employee benefit plans or funds, and any of their respective past and/or present directors, officers, fiduciaries, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, supervisors, shareholders, investors, employees, legal representatives, agents, counsel and assigns, whether acting on behalf of the Company or its affiliates or, in their individual capacities (collectively, the “ Releasees ” and each a “ Releasee ”) from any and all claims, known or unknown, which the Releasors have or may have against any Releasee arising on or prior to the date of this Release and any and all liability which any such Releasee may have to the Executive, whether denominated claims, demands, causes of action, obligations, damages or liabilities arising from any and all bases, however denominated, including but not limited to (a) any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (including, without limitation, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Equal Pay Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, (excluding claims for accrued, vested benefits under any employee benefit or pension plan of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all as amended; (b) any claims under any state statutory or decisional law pertaining to wrongful discharge, discrimination, retaliation, breach of contract, breach of public policy, misrepresentation, fraud or defamation, (c) any and all claims under the Indiana Civil Rights Act and the Indiana wage payment provisions, each as amended; (d) any claim under any other Federal, state, or local law and any workers’ compensation or disability claims under any such laws; and (e) any claim for attorneys’ fees, costs, disbursements and/or the like.   This Release includes, without limitation, (i) any and all claims arising from or relating to the Executive’s employment relationship with Company and his service relationship as an officer or director of the Company, or as a result of the termination of such relationships and (ii) any and all matters, transactions or things occurring prior to the Employee’s execution of this Release.  The Executive further agrees that the Executive will not file or permit to be filed on the Executive’s behalf any such claim.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or any other provision of this Release, this Release is not intended to interfere with the Executive’s right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“ EEOC ”) in connection with any claim he believes he may have against any Releasee.  However, by executing this Release, the Executive hereby waives the right to recover in any proceeding the Executive may bring before the EEOC or any state human rights commission or in any proceeding brought by the EEOC or any state human rights commission on the Executive’s behalf.  This Release is for any relief, no matter how denominated, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, wages, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, or punitive damages.  This Release shall not apply to (i) the Company’s obligations pursuant to Section 2(b)(vii), Section 4 and Section 5(b) of the Employment Agreement; (ii) the Executive’s rights to indemnification from the Company or rights to be covered under any applicable insurance policy with respect to any liability the Executive incurred or might incur as an employee, officer or director of the Company; or (iii) any right the Executive may have to obtain contribution as permitted by law in the event of entry of judgment against the Executive as a result of any act or failure to act for which the Executive, on the one hand, and Company or any other Releasee, on the other hand, are jointly liable.
No consents or approvals of any public body or authority and no consents or waivers from other parties to leases, licenses, franchises, permits, indentures, agreements or other instruments are (i) required for the lawful consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (ii) necessary in order that the business currently conducted by the Company can be conducted by the Purchaser in the same manner after the Closing as heretofore conducted by the Company, nor will the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby result in creating, accelerating or increasing any liability of the Company, except where the failure of any of the foregoing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto and the other Loan Documents constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained in this Agreement, the Exhibits hereto and the other Loan Documents and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations between the Parties.
Servicer is solvent and there shall not have been commenced by or against the Servicer any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy petition, nor has Servicer made an offer or assignment or compromise for the benefit of creditors.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate on the earlier of (a) twelve (12) months after the Effective Date or (b) completion of all Services to be provided by Service Provider under this Agreement (the “ Initial Term ”), unless earlier terminated under this Section 4.  This Agreement may be extended, either in whole or with respect to one or more of the Services, by mutual written agreement of the Parties, consent to which extension shall be in each Party’s absolute discretion (a “ Renewal Term ,” and together with the Initial Term, the “ Term ”); and provided further that any Service which is subject to a Renewal Term shall be provided by or on behalf of Service Provider to the Service Recipient during the Renewal Term at a price to be mutually agreed upon in writing by the Parties.
All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing and given as provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder to any Subsidiary shall be given to it in care of the Company as provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement.
This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by each of the Parties and specifically referencing this Agreement.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used only for, and Letters of Credit will be issued only to support, (i) the repayment of existing Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (ii) general corporate purposes of the Borrowers, including, but not limited to, the funding of acquisitions, investments, redevelopments, expansions, renovations, construction, capital expenditures and working capital needs. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and any party hereto may execute any such counterpart, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Any signature page delivered by a facsimile machine shall be binding to the same extent as an original signature page with regard to any agreement subject to the terms hereof or any amendment thereto.
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6 , the completion of the sale and purchase of the Initial Notes and Initial Warrants (the “ Initial Closing ”) or the completion of the sale and purchase of the Additional Notes and Additional Warrants (each an “ Additional Closing ”, and collectively with the Initial Closing, a “ Closing ”), as applicable, shall occur on the third business day after the satisfaction or waiver (by the Party entitled to grant such waiver) of the conditions to the applicable Closing set forth in Section 6 herein (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at a Closing, but subject to fulfillment or waiver of those conditions), or on such other date as the parties shall mutually agree (each date on which a Closing occurs, the “ Closing Date ,” and on such date as the Initial Closing occurs, the “ Initial Closing Date ”).
Your rights and obligations under this Letter Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation thereof shall be void; provided, your rights under this Letter Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, your heirs and beneficiaries.  This Letter Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser of substantially all of the Company’s assets, any corporate successor to the Company or any assignee thereof.
In the event of termination of a Participant’s Continuous Service as a result of his or her being Disabled, the Participant shall have the right to exercise an Option at any time within six months following such termination (or such earlier date on which the Option expires) to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option at the date of such termination.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to choice of law principles thereof).
Any and all notices to the Corporation will be addressed to the Corporation ’ s Chief Executive Officer at the Corporation ’ s principal place of business on file with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation to any Holder hereunder will be in writing and delivered personally, by electronic mail or facsimile, sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the electronic mail, facsimile telephone number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such electronic mail, facsimile telephone number or address appears, at the principal place of business of the Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder will be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (1) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail prior to 5:30 p.m. Eastern time, (2) the date after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail later than 5:30 p.m. but prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on such date, (3) the second business day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (4) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given, regardless of how sent.
This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representatives, by notice to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and on or prior to the Closing Date or, in the case of the Option Securities, prior to the Additional Closing Date, (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on or by any of the Exchange or The Nasdaq Global Market; (ii) trading of any securities issued or guaranteed by the Company shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities; or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis, either within or outside the United States, that, in the judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Memorandum.
Each Credit Party has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and, except for those Taxes that are subject to a Permitted Contest, each Credit Party has timely paid all foreign, federal, state and material local Taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by such Credit Party.  Other than as disclosed to Agent in accordance with Section 6.2, Borrower is unaware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any prior tax years of any Credit Party which could result in additional Taxes becoming due and payable by such Credit Party.  No Credit Party nor any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with any Credit Party within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the IRC (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the IRC for purposes of the provisions relating to Section 412 of the IRC) or Section 4001 of ERISA (an " ERISA Affiliate ") (i) has failed to satisfy the "minimum funding standards" (as defined in Section 412 of or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan, (ii) has incurred liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan or incurred a cessation of operations that is treated as a withdrawal, (iii) has incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA), (iv) has had any "reportable event" as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA (or the regulations issued thereunder) (other than an event for which the 30-day notice requirement is waived) occur with respect to any Pension Plan or (v) failed to maintain (1) each "plan" (as defined by Section 3(3) of ERISA) in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the IRC and other federal or state laws, and (2) the tax qualified status of each plan (as defined above) intended to be so qualified.
Lenders shall have received from Holdings (i) the Historical Financial Statements, (ii) pro forma consolidated balance sheets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016, and reflecting the consummation of the Closing Date Acquisition, the related financings and the other transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents to occur on or prior to the Closing Date, which pro forma financial statements shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and the Lenders, (iii) pro forma consolidated income statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016, and reflecting the consummation of the Closing Date Acquisition, the related financings and the other transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents to occur on or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) the Projections.
The Company represents and warrants to the Secured Party that (a) insofar as the Company obtained good title to the Collateral under the Purchase Agreement, the bill of sale and the other documents executed in connection therewith, the Company is the owner of the Collateral and that no other Person has any right, title, claim or interest (by way of Lien or otherwise) in, against or to the Collateral; and (b) upon the filing of UCC-1 financing statements in the appropriate filing offices, the Secured Party will have a perfected, first-priority security interest in the Collateral to the extent that a security interest in the Collateral can be perfected by such filing.
All payments required to be made by the Company hereunder to you shall be subject to the withholding of such amounts, if any, relating to tax and other payroll deductions as the Company may reasonably determine should be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal Canadian corporate office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Executive at the address last reflected on the Company’s payroll records, or such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be delivered in person or shall be enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by Canada Post. Any such notice shall be deemed given only when received, but if the Executive is no longer employed by the Company or a subsidiary, such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given five (5) business days after the date mailed in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section.
This Amendment, together with the Loan Documents (collectively, the “ Relevant Documents ”), sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto in relation to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior negotiations and agreements among the parties relating to such subject matter. No promise, condition, representation or warranty, express or implied, not set forth in the Relevant Documents shall bind any party hereto, and no such party has relied on any such promise, condition, representation or warranty. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that, except as otherwise expressly stated in the Relevant Documents, no representations, warranties or commitments, express or implied, have been made by any party to any other party in relation to the subject matter hereof or thereof. None of the terms or conditions of this Amendment may be changed, modified, waived or canceled orally or otherwise, except in writing and in accordance with Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement.
The term of your employment hereunder shall commence on July 5th, 2016 (the “ Start Date ”) and shall end on the earliest of (i) July 5th, 2019, (ii) the date on which your employment is terminated by Company or you pursuant to Paragraph 10 or (iii) the date of your death or the date of termination of your employment by reason of incapacity (determined in accordance with Paragraph 8) (the “ Employment Term ”). The period from the Start Date until July 5th, 2019, regardless of any earlier termination, shall hereinafter be referred to as the “ Original Employment Term ”.
This General Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. If any provision of this General Release is declared legally or factually invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction and if such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable to any extent or in any application that is acceptable to the Company, then, in the discretion of the Company, such provision immediately may be deemed become null and void, leaving the remainder of this General Release in full force and effect.
Subject to any other arrangement or agreement among the Company and an applicable Unitholder, the Corporation, the Company, any exchanging Subsidiary and each exchanging Company Unitholder shall bear their own expenses in connection with the consummation of any Exchange, whether or not any such Exchange is ultimately consummated, except that the Corporation shall bear any transfer taxes, stamp taxes or duties, or other similar taxes in connection with, or arising by reason of, any Exchange; provided , however , that if any shares of Class A Common Stock are to be delivered in a name other than that of the Company Unitholder that requested the Exchange (or The Depository Trust Company or its nominee for the account of a participant of The Depository Trust Company that will hold the shares for the account of such Company Unitholder) or the Cash Settlement is to be paid to a Person other than the Company Unitholder that requested the Exchange, then such Company Unitholder or the Person in whose name such shares are to be delivered or to whom the Cash Settlement is to be paid shall pay to the Corporation the amount of any transfer taxes, stamp taxes or duties, or other similar taxes in connection with, or arising by reason of, such Exchange or shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not payable.
BORROWER AGREES THAT ANY SUIT FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR ANY FEDERAL COURT SITTING THEREIN AND CONSENTS TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURT AND SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT BEING MADE UPON BORROWER BY MAIL AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN.  BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT OR ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH SUIT IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
Any failure by the Company to assert the forfeiture and repayment rights under this Section 4.5 with respect to specific claims against the Affected Participant shall not waive, or operate to waive, the Company's right to later assert its rights hereunder with respect to other or subsequent claims against the Affected Participant.
As of December 11, 2015, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 7,123,074 shares are issued and outstanding, 1,288,134 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to existing warrants to purchase Common Stock; 2,000,000 are reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2015 Intellinetics, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, and 5,798,345 shares are reserved for issuance in accordance with outstanding convertible notes. In the Offering contemplated by this Agreement, up to 3,333,332 shares of Common Stock may be issued, up to an additional 1,666,666 shares of Common Stock may be issued if all the Warrants are exercised, and up to an additional 333,334 shares of Common Stock may be issued if all the Placement Agent Warrants are exercised the aggregate total number of Common Stock that could be issued in this Offering (not including Common Stock and warrants that may be issued in connection with an exchange offer to the holders of outstanding convertible notes, as further described in the Private Placement Memorandum) is 5,333,332 (the “Maximum Number of Shares Offered”). Except as described above or in the Private Placement Memorandum, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the Securities Act (except for the registration rights provisions contained herein) and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Shares. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the stockholders of the Company or any Lien imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company.
Borrower agrees, on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties, on a joint and several basis, to pay (i) all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Administrative Agent and its Affiliates , including Attorney Costs for Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, in connection with the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (iii) all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by any Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender or any Lender in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.02, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Loans or Letters of Credit.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or the Plan, the Company may not take any actions hereunder, and no award shall be granted, that would violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Code, or any other securities or tax or other applicable law or regulation.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower or Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender or Borrower or any of Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Lenders and L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.05(c)  without regard to the existence of any participation.
This Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents, taken together, constitute and contain the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and supersede any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications among the parties, whether written or oral, respecting the subject matter hereof, excluding the Fee Letter.
This Assignment constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof and may not be altered or amended except by written agreement signed by all parties hereto. All prior and contemporaneous agreements concerning the subject matter hereof are merged herein.
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the other Parties would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are breached. Accordingly, each Party shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court of the United States or any state thereof having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter (subject to the provisions of Section 11(p) ), without the need to prove irreparable harm or inadequacy of money damages and without the need to post a bond, in addition to any other remedy to which such Party may be entitled, at law or in equity.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (facsimile of any executed counterpart having the same effect as manual delivery thereof), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one Agreement.
Executive agrees that he will not talk about or otherwise communicate to any third parties in a malicious, disparaging, or defamatory manner regarding the Company, the General Partner, QTS LLC or any other Quality Company, owners or their past or present employees, directors, officers or other representatives and will not make or authorize to be made any written or oral statement that may disparage or damage the reputation of the Company, the General Partner, QTS LLC or any other Quality Company, their owners or their past or present employees, directors, officers or other representatives or their past or present employees, officers or other representatives.
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested with postage prepaid, or by telecopy or e-mail, if to the Purchaser and Bravo, addressed to Mr. Paul Parliament at 590 York, Unit 3, Niagara On The Lake, Ontario, CANADA L0S 1J0, telephone (716) 803-0621, and e-mail paul@bravomultinational.com; and if to the Seller, addressed to Mr. Julios Kosta at 30 West Beaver Creek Rd., Unit #105 Richmond Hill, Ontario , Canada L4B 3K1 or kostajul@rogers.com.  Any party hereto may change its address upon 10 days’ written notice to any other party hereto.
All payments are per the payment terms in the MSA and shall align with the payment schedule as follows; [*]% @ [*],[*]% at [*],[*]% @ [*],[*]% @ [*]. All payments will be subject to [*].
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all the Lenders, provided , further , that any assignment or participation by a Lender of any of its rights and obligations hereunder shall be effected in accordance with this Section 11.06 .
There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation or proceeding against the Borrower or any Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in any court or before an arbitrator or Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties pertaining to the subject matter contained herein. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has made, and is not making, and in executing this Agreement, Consultant has not relied upon, any representations, promises or inducements except to the extent the same is expressly set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the terms and provisions of the employment agreement dated August 4, 2011 by and between the Company and Consultant shall remain in effect through May 6, 2016.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts and the signature or signatures of the undersigned may be delivered by electronic mail in “portable document format” (“.PDF”), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document (each of which shall be deemed an original) and which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
Borrower and Operating Lessee shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its existence, rights, licenses, permits and franchises and comply with all Legal Requirements applicable to Borrower, Operating Lessee and the Properties, including, without limitation, Prescribed Laws, building and zoning codes and certificates of occupancy. With respect to the Properties operating under a temporary certificate of occupancy, Borrower and Operating Lessee shall preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect the temporary certificate of occupancy in accordance with Legal Requirements applicable to the Property subject to such temporary certificate of occupancy and shall use reasonable efforts in the ordinary course of Borrower’s or Operating Lessee’s (as applicable) business to obtain a permanent certificate of occupancy for such Property. In the event Borrower or Operating Lessee (as applicable) receives a permanent certificate of occupancy, Borrower or Operating Lessee shall promptly deliver to Lender such permanent certificate of occupancy. There shall never be committed by Borrower or Operating Lessee, and neither Borrower nor Operating Lessee shall permit any other Person in occupancy of or involved with the operation or use of the Properties to commit any act or omission affording any Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture against any Individual Property or any part thereof or any monies paid in performance of Borrower’s or Operating Lessee’s obligations under any of the Loan Documents. Borrower and Operating Lessee shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all franchises and trade names and preserve all the remainder of its property used or useful in the conduct of its business and shall keep the Properties in good working order and repair, and from time to time make, or cause to be made, all reasonably necessary repairs, renewals, replacements, betterments and improvements thereto, all as more fully provided in the Loan Documents. Borrower and Operating Lessee shall keep the Properties insured at all times by financially sound and reputable insurers, to such extent and against such risks, and maintain liability and such other insurance, as is more fully provided in this Agreement. After prior written notice to Lender, Borrower or Operating Lessee, at its own expense, may contest by appropriate legal proceeding promptly initiated and conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the validity of any Legal Requirement, the applicability of any Legal Requirement to Borrower, Operating Lessee or any Individual Property or any alleged violation of any Legal Requirement, provided that (a) no Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; (b) such proceeding shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with the provisions of any instrument to which Borrower or Operating Lessee is subject and shall not constitute a default thereunder and such proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable statutes, laws and ordinances; (c) no Individual Property nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost; (d) Borrower and Operating Lessee shall promptly upon final determination thereof comply with any such Legal Requirement determined to be valid or applicable or cure any violation of any Legal Requirement applicable to such party; (e) such proceeding shall suspend the enforcement of the contested Legal Requirement against Borrower, Operating Lessee and any Individual Property; and (f) Borrower shall furnish such security as may be reasonably required in the proceeding, or as may be reasonably requested by Lender, to insure compliance with such Legal Requirement, together with all interest and penalties payable in connection therewith. Lender may apply any such security, as necessary to cause compliance with such Legal Requirement at any time when, in the reasonable judgment of Lender, the validity, applicability or violation of such Legal Requirement is finally established or any Individual Property (or any part thereof or interest therein) shall be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost. Borrower and Operating Lessee shall operate each Individual Property in accordance with the terms and provisions of each O&M Program, if any. Borrower and Operating Lessee shall keep and maintain all Licenses necessary for the operation of the Property for its approved use in all material respects.
The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage by such insurers and in such forms and amounts and against such risks as are generally consistent with industry standards and in each case in compliance with the terms of Section 6.03 . Schedule 5.17 sets forth a complete list of all insurance maintained by the Credit Parties on the Closing Date.
The rights and remedies of the Parties are cumulative and not alternative.  Neither the failure nor any delay by any Party in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right, power, or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power, or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege.  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) no claim or right arising out of this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement can be discharged by one Party, in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the claim or right unless in writing signed by the other Parties; (b) no waiver that may be given by a Party will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on one Party will be deemed to be a waiver of any obligation of such Party or of the right of the Party giving such notice or demand to take further action without notice or demand as provided in this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement.
The Executive’s employment may be terminated by the Company during the Term as provided in this ARTICLE IV. Upon termination of employment, the Term shall end and the Executive shall be paid the pro-rated portion of the Salary accrued but unpaid to the date of his termination. The Executive’s rights under the Company’s employee benefit plans shall be determined under the provisions of such plans and/or applicable law and any payments due under such plans shall be distributed pursuant to the provisions thereof.
Each Tag-along Stockholder who does not deliver a Tag-along Notice in compliance with Section 3.5(d)(ii) shall be deemed to have waived all of such Tag-along Stockholder’s rights to participate in the Tag-along Sale with respect to the Common Shares owned by such Tag-along Stockholder, and the Selling Stockholder shall (subject to the rights of any other participating Tag-along Stockholder and the requirements of Section 3.1) thereafter be free to sell to the Proposed Transferee the Common Shares identified in the Sale Notice at a per Common Share price that is no greater than the applicable per Common Share price set forth in the Sale Notice and on other terms and conditions which are not in the aggregate materially more favorable to the Selling Stockholder than those set forth in the Sale Notice, without any further obligation to the non-accepting Tag-along Stockholders.
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1(c) , the Company owns, of record and beneficially, one hundred percent (100%) of the issued shares of capital stock and other securities of each of the other Acquired Companies. Except for the equity interests identified in Schedule 2.1(c) , none of the Acquired Companies owns, beneficially or otherwise, any shares or other securities of, or any direct or indirect equity interest in, any Entity. None of the Acquired Companies has (i) agreed or is obligated to make any future investment in or capital contribution to any Entity or (ii) guaranteed or is responsible or liable for any obligation of any Entity.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole, and in light of disclosures in the SEC Reports, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
Subject to Section 9 hereof, to the extent that the Option has become vested and exercisable with respect to a number of Shares as provided herein, the Option may thereafter be exercised by the Participant, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to the expiration of the Option as provided herein and in accordance with Sections 7.5 and 7.6 of the Plan. No Shares resulting from the exercise of an Option shall be issued until full payment therefore has been made as set forth in the Plan.
The Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment in full of all out of pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under the Amended Credit Agreement.
This Fourth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, including electronic counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, and all of which, together, shall constitute one document.
Each of the Borrower, each other Loan Party, the Parent and each other Subsidiary has good, marketable and legal title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, its respective assets, including all intellectual property, subject to Permitted Liens.  As of the Agreement Date, there are no Liens against any assets of the Borrower, any other Loan Party, the Parent or any other Subsidiary except for Permitted Liens.
Except as required by applicable law, the Holder agrees to maintain, and to require its representatives to maintain, all confidential information obtained from the Partnership on a confidential basis, which, among other things, precludes the use of such confidential information for the purposes of trading on the Warrant Units.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be amended or waived except by a written instrument signed by the Party against whom enforcement of the amendment or waiver is sought.
This Amendment and the other Loan Documents express the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. No prior negotiations or discussions shall limit, modify, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof.
The parties agree that the covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement relate to special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of the terms hereof or thereof would cause irreparable injury in an amount which would be impossible to estimate or determine and for which any remedy at law would be inadequate. As such, the parties agree that if either party fails or refuses to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement or to make any payment or deliver any instrument required hereunder or thereunder, then the other party shall have the remedy of specific performance, which remedy shall be cumulative and nonexclusive and shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies otherwise available under any other contract or at law or in equity and to which such party might be entitled.
This Agreement, together with its Exhibit, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to matters set forth in this Agreement and supersedes any prior understanding or agreement, oral or written, with respect to such matters.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the License Agreement. For purposes of clarification, references to “HMRI” in the License Agreement refer to Aventisub LLC, as the successor-in-interest to HMRI.
The Company hereby confirms its obligations under the Note Agreement, whether or not the transactions hereby contemplated are consummated, to pay, promptly after request by Prudential, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and expenses, incurred by Prudential in connection with this letter agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, in enforcing any rights under this letter, or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this letter or the transactions contemplated hereby. The obligations of the Company under this Section 5 shall survive transfer by Prudential of any Note and payment of any Note.
Except as set forth on Schedule 9.09 , each Credit Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries, to enter into or cause or permit to exist any arrangement, transaction or contract (including for the purchase, lease or exchange of property or the rendering of services) with any Affiliate (other than arrangements, transactions or contracts solely among the Credit Parties) except (a) on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than it could obtain in an arm’s-length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (b) any transaction expressly permitted under Section 9.01(i) , Section 9.01(o) , Section 9.03 , Section 9.05(d) , Section 9.05(h) , Section 9.05(j) , Section 9.05(l) , Section 9.05(m) , Section 9.05(n) or Section 9.06 , (c) so long as it has been approved by the Borrower’s or its applicable Subsidiary’s Board in accordance with Applicable Law, (i) customary fees to, and indemnifications of, non-officer directors of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 9.06(a) or (ii) the payment of reasonable and customary compensation and indemnification arrangements and benefit plans for officers and employees of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, and (d) transactions among Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties in the ordinary course of business.
Sections 1 (“Definitions”), 3 (“Severance”), 4 (“Non-Disparagement”), 5 (“Condition to Severance Obligations”), 6 (“Injunctive Relief”), 7 (“Agreement to Arbitrate”) and 9 (“General Provisions”) of this Agreement shall survive termination of Executive’s employment with the Company.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.
All news releases, publicity or advertising by Borrower or its Affiliates through any media intended to reach the general public which refers to the Loan Documents or the financing evidenced by the Loan Documents, to Lender, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association or any of their Affiliates (with respect to the Loan and the Securitization of the Loan only) shall be subject to the prior written approval of Lender and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association in their sole discretion.  Lender shall have the right to publicly describe the Loan in general terms advertising and public communications of all kinds, including press releases, direct mail, newspapers, magazines, journals, e-mail, or internet advertising or communications.  Details such as the addresses of the Properties, the amount of the Loan, the date of the closing and descriptions of the size/locations of the Properties shall only be included subject to Borrower’s approval in advance.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower’s approval shall not be required for the publication by Lender of notice of the Loan and the Securitization of the Loan by means of a customary tombstone advertisement, which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include the amount of the Loan, the amount of securities sold, the number of Properties as of the Closing Date, the settlement date and the parties involved in the transactions contemplated hereby and the Securitization.
Upon the occurrence of any event triggering the prepayment requirement under clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Borrower shall promptly deliver a Notice of Prepayment to the Administrative Agent, and upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Lenders. Each prepayment of the Loans under this Section 2.4(b) shall be applied on a pro rata basis with respect to Loans of all Lenders.
The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (the “Registration Statement”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), to register the Shares under the 1933 Act. The Participant acknowledges receipt of the Prospectus prepared by the Company in connection with the Registration Statement. Prior to conversion of the Restricted Stock Units into Shares, the Participant shall execute and deliver to the Company such representations in writing as may be requested by the Company in order for it to comply with the applicable requirements of Federal and state securities law.
This Security Agreement shall continue in effect (notwithstanding the fact that from time to time there may be no Secured Obligations outstanding) until (i) the Third Restated Credit Agreement has terminated pursuant to its express terms and (ii) all of the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full (or with respect to any outstanding Letters of Credit, a cash deposit or a backup standby Letter of Credit reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank has been delivered to the Administrative Agent as required by the Third Restated Credit Agreement) and no commitments of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders which would give rise to any Secured Obligations are outstanding.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all of the representations and warranties of Seller and Buyer in Articles 5 and 6 , respectively, shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect for a period of one (1) year thereafter, except that the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 5.1(a) , 5.1(b) , 5.3(a) , 5.12 , 6.1(a) , 6.1(b) , 6.3(a) and 6.8 shall survive indefinitely. None of the covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing, other than those which by their terms contemplate performance after the Closing, each of which shall survive the Closing in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement, and the Confidentiality Agreement, dated March 2, 2016 between the Company and Macellum, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may be amended only by an agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto.
Each party shall be responsible for its own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however, that the Company shall reimburse the Levin Group for its reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including legal expenses) in an amount not to exceed in the aggregate $25,000.
This Agreement may be modified, amended or otherwise changed only in a writing signed by all of the parties hereto, or in the case of the Investors, the Central Square Representative, or their respective successors or assigns.
Each of the Note and the Security Agreement is a valid, legal and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law).
This Agreement together with the agreements and plans described on Annex A constitute our entire agreement and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings between Company, Parent and you with respect to the subject matter herein, except for any confidentiality obligations referred to elsewhere herein. You acknowledge that you enter into this Agreement without reliance on any written or oral promise or representation, other than those contained in this Agreement.
Each party shall execute, deliver, acknowledge and file such other documents and take such further actions as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the other party hereto to give effect to and carry out the transactions contemplated herein. Subject to Section 2.1(h), each of the Company, on the one hand, and GoldenTree, on the other hand, will be responsible for its own costs, fees and expenses in connection with this Agreement.
Each Party acknowledges that the failure by the receiving Party to comply with any of the provisions of this Article 8 will result in irreparable injury and continuing damage to the disclosing Party for which there will be no adequate remedy at law and that, in the event of a failure of the receiving Party so to comply, the disclosing Party shall be entitled to such preliminary and permanent injunctive relief as may be necessary to ensure compliance with all the provisions of this Article 8.
As a condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive shall execute and return the General Release on or before April 15, 2016 at 5 p.m. PST, but in no event earlier than the Separation Date.
If any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement, including without limitation the transfer by the Contributor to the OP of any of the interests that are the subject hereof, shall to any extent be deemed invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this Agreement, and the application of such term, covenant or condition, shall not be affected thereby, and shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, including without limitation the transfer by the Contributor to the OP of all of the remaining interests enumerated herein.
Employee’s annual base salary on the date of this Agreement is four hundred and ten thousand dollars ($410,000), payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company (“Base Salary”).  Employee’s Base Salary will be subject to annual review by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company.  During the Employment Term, on each anniversary date of this Agreement, the Company shall review the Base Salary amount to determine any modifications.  In no event shall the Base Salary be less than the Base Salary amount for the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period other than as permitted in Section 6.1(c) hereunder.
The consent of the Borrowers shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective unless the Purchaser is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, provided, that (i) the consent of the Borrowers shall not be required if a Default has occurred and is continuing, and (ii) each Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof. The consent of the Agent shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective unless (x) the Purchaser is a Lender or (y) solely to the extent the assignor is a Person that was a Lender on the Closing Date, the Purchaser is an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund. Any consent required under this Section 13.3.2 shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
The close of the New York Stock Exchange on May 31, 2016.
The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected or updated by a subsequent amendment or restatement). Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring audit adjustments.
This Commitment Agreement is duly executed and delivered by the Company, and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company and enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles (such exceptions, as applicable to any person, the “ Enforceability Exceptions ”). The execution, delivery and performance of this Commitment Agreement by the Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated to be undertaken by the Company do not, provided that the representations in paragraph 8.b.iii are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date, (1) violate or conflict with any law or order of any governmental authority applicable to the Company, (2) require any governmental approval (3) violate or conflict with any law or order of any governmental authority applicable to any provision of the Plan and any documents and instruments governing the Plan as contemplated under ERISA § 404(a)(1)(D) (the “ Plan Governing Documents ”) or (4) require any consent of or other action by any person under, constitute a default or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under, or cause or permit termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit under, any provision of any contract to which the Company is a party, except where the occurrence of any of the foregoing would not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Commitment Agreement by the Company, and the consummation by the Company and the Independent Fiduciary of the transactions contemplated to be undertaken by the Company and the Independent Fiduciary do not violate or conflict with the Plan Governing Documents, except where the occurrence of any of the foregoing would not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Agreement.
Landlord shall use good faith efforts to keep confidential all non-public financial statements supplied by Tenant; however, if Landlord notifies such parties of the requirement to keep such information confidential, Landlord has the right to reveal such information to mortgagees, prospective purchasers and prospective mortgagees (and their respective agents) and to Landlord's managers, officers, personnel, affiliates, partners, directors, advisors, accountants, attorneys, members, and consultants, and as may be required by Law, including, without limitation, securities regulations, or by legal process; and, provided further, that Landlord and Landlord's affiliates have the right to include, disclose, or otherwise publicize Tenant's name as one of Landlord's or Landlord's affiliates' tenants in any of Landlord's marketing materials, press releases, presentations, or other disclosures. The following materials and information are not considered "non-public financial statements" for purposes of this Lease and will not be subject to the restrictions set for in the preceding sentence: (i) information which is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a wrongful disclosure by Landlord; (ii) information which reasonably can be demonstrated to be known to Landlord prior to its disclosure by Tenant hereunder; (iii) information which becomes available to Landlord on a non-confidential basis from sources other than Tenant; and (iv) information which Landlord may be compelled to disclose by court order or applicable law.
Licensee agrees to reasonably cooperate with Licensor’s preparation and filing of any applications, renewals or other documentation necessary or useful to protect Licensor’s ownership of the Licensed IP Rights (at Licensor’s expense, unless expressly provided otherwise in this Article VII). Each Party agrees to promptly notify in writing the other Party (including the relevant details known to the notifying Party) of any (i) discovered or suspected infringement or misappropriation by any Person of any of the IP Rights licensed under this Agreement in the North America Region (or, solely with respect to Avon NA, such infringement or misappropriation in the International Region of which Avon NA becomes aware) or (ii) actual or threatened challenge by any Person concerning the validity, registration or ownership any of the Licensed IP Rights.
Each party shall pay its own fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including legal and accounting fees; provided that the Company shall pay any such fees, costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Investors along with any other fees and expenses required to be reimbursed by that certain Commitment Letter dated as of December 16, 2015, among the Company and the Investors.
The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement and do not in any way define, limit or describe or amplify the terms and provisions or the scope or intent hereof.
Any provision of any Loan Document which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction will, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of that Loan Document or affecting the validity or enforceability of that provision in any other jurisdiction; except that if such provision relates to the payment of any monetary sum, then Lender may, at its option, declare all Obligations immediately due and payable.
The headings of the Sections contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.
Executive understands and intends that this Section 7 constitutes a general release of all claims except as otherwise provided in Section 7(b), above, and that no reference therein to a specific form of claim, statute or type of relief is intended to limit the scope of such general release and waiver.
When I decided to sign this Agreement, I was not relying on any representations that are not in this Agreement. The Company would not have agreed to pay the consideration I am getting in exchange for this Agreement but for the representations and promises I am making by signing it. I have not suffered any job-related wrongs or injuries, such as any type of discrimination, for which I might still be entitled to compensation or relief now or in the future.
This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Company nor Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. For the avoidance of doubt, all prior term sheets or other documents between Company and Investor, or any affiliate thereof, related to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (collectively, "Prior Agreements" ), that may have been entered into between Company and Investor, or any affiliate thereof, are hereby null and void and deemed to be replaced in their entirety by the Transaction Documents. To the extent there is a conflict between any term set forth in any Prior Agreement and the term(s) of the Transaction Documents, the Transaction Documents shall govern.
This Agreement shall become effective when the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01 have been satisfied and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, except that neither Parent nor the Borrower shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders (and any attempted assignment by Parent or the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void).
Except where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, the singular shall include the plural, the plural the singular, and the use of any gender shall be applicable to all genders. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number refers to calendar days. The terms “including,” “include,” or “includes” as used herein shall mean “including, but not limited to,” and shall not limit the generality of any description preceding such term. The language of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language mutually chosen by the Parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against either Party hereto. Each Party represents that it has been represented by legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and acknowledges that it has participated in the drafting hereof. In interpreting and applying the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties agree that no presumption will apply against the Party which drafted such terms and provision.
No written report, financial statement, certificate or other information including the Pre-Commitment Information (other than projections, budgets, estimates and other forward looking information or information of a general or industry specific nature), furnished concerning or affecting Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole together with all other written information provided by or on behalf of Parent and any reports filed by Parent with the SEC, contains any material misstatement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. With respect to projections, budgets, estimates and other forward-looking information, Parent and the Borrower represent that such information was prepared in good faith on a basis consistent with the financial statements referred to in Section 5.05(a) and based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable by the preparer thereof at the time made (it being understood and agreed that projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts or guaranties of future performance, that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections may differ from the projected results and that such differences may be material and that the Loan Parties make no representation that such projections will in fact be realized).
By execution below, each Originator expressly acknowledges and agrees that all of the Buyer’s rights, title, and interests in, to, and under this Agreement (but not its obligations), shall be assigned by the Buyer to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Purchasers) pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and each Originator consents to such assignment. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Purchasers, the Group Agents and the Administrative Agent are third-party beneficiaries of the rights of the Buyer arising hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to which any Originator is a party, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, during the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Termination or Non-Reinvestment Event under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Administrative Agent, and not the Buyer, shall have the sole right to exercise all such rights and related remedies.
The law applicable to the arbitration of any dispute shall be the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one instrument.
The provisions of this Agreement containing express survival clauses as well as the provisions of this Agreement which are intended to apply, operate or have effect after the expiration or termination of the term of this Agreement, or at a time when the term of this Agreement may have expired or terminated, shall survive the expiration or termination of the term of this Agreement for any reason.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Requirements of Law except to the extent that such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice to the effect that its operations are not in material compliance with any Requirements of Law or the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, which non-compliance or remedial action could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Article and Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment No. 5 and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment No. 5.
Lessor and Tenant shall each pay the fees and expenses of the appraiser appointed by it, and each shall pay one-half of the fees and expenses of the Final Appraiser, and one-half of all other costs and expenses, incurred in connection with each appraisal.
This Supplement may be executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Guaranty by facsimile or via other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Guaranty.
Seller is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws and regulations of the state of Seller’s formation and is duly licensed, qualified, and in good standing in every state where such licensing or qualification is necessary for the transaction of Seller’s business except where the failure to satisfy any of the foregoing would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Change. Seller has the power to own and hold the assets it purports to own and hold, and to carry on its business as now being conducted and proposed to be conducted, and has the power to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.
All arbitrators shall be and remain at all times wholly impartial and independent of the parties to the Dispute, and, once appointed, no arbitrator shall have any ex parte communications with any of the parties to the Dispute concerning the arbitration or the underlying Dispute other than communications directly concerning the selection of the presiding arbitrator, where applicable.
The Units shall vest and shares of Stock will be issued to you according to the vesting schedule set forth in this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 below, the Units will vest, subject to the conditions described in Section 7 below, in approximately equal annual installments on each of the five (5) consecutive anniversaries of the Grant Date, beginning on the first anniversary of the Grant Date. No shares of Stock shall otherwise be issued to you prior to the date on which the Units vest. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of a cash payment to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock is prohibited under local law or would require the Company and/or any of its Affiliates to obtain the approval of any governmental and/or regulatory body in your country of residence (or country of employment, if different). Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of shares of Stock but require you to immediately sell such Stock (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf).
In case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
This option is granted under and subject to the terms of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. If there is any inconsistency between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Agreement, the Plan’s terms shall supersede and replace the conflicting terms of this Agreement. Capitalized terms that are defined in the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and other capitalized terms are defined in Section 10 of this Agreement.
The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on December 14, 1998, subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company within twelve (12) months thereafter.
Any notification required by the terms of this Award Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or within three (3) days of deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid. A notice shall be addressed to the Company, Attention: Secretary, at its principal executive office and to the Participant at the address that he or she most recently provided to the Company.
Officer shall be entitled to participate, under the terms of the respective plans and subject to periodic plan changes, in Umpqua’s group health benefit package, long-term disability and life insurance, 401(k) plan, and such other compensation or benefits as approved by the Board. Officer shall be entitled to four weeks of vacation per year. Officer shall be entitled to participate in Umpqua’s annual Executive Incentive Compensation Plan with a target annual bonus opportunity of 60% of Officer’s annual Base Salary, subject to the terms of such plan as revised from time to time. Officer will be entitled to participate in Umpqua’s 2014 Supplemental Retirement (Top Hat) / Deferred Compensation Plan.
The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arm's length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof.
The Company proposes to issue and sell through or to the Manager, as sales agent and/or principal, up to $5,000,000 of shares (the “ Shares ”) of the Company’s common stock, $0.01 par value (“ Common Stock ”), from time to time during the term of this Agreement and on the terms set forth herein;  provided , however , that in no event shall the Company issue or sell through the Manager such number of Shares that (a) exceeds the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock registered on the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the offering is being made, (b) exceeds the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or (c) would cause the Company or the offering of the Shares to not satisfy the eligibility and transaction requirements for use of Form S-3 (including, if applicable, General Instruction I.B.6 of Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the lesser of (a), (b) and (c), the “ Maximum Amount ”)).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 2 on the number and aggregate sales price of Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and that Manager shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance.
Subject to the Standard Qualifications, each assignment of Mortgage and assignment of Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits from the Seller constitutes a legal, valid and binding assignment from the Seller.  Each related Mortgage is a legal, valid and enforceable first lien on the related borrower’s fee or leasehold interest in the Mortgaged Property in the principal amount of such Mortgage Loan or allocated loan amount subject to the Title Exceptions, Permitted Encumbrances and Standard Qualifications (each as defined herein). Each related Assignment of Mortgage and Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits from the Seller to the Purchaser constitutes the legal, valid and binding first priority assignment from the Seller, except as such enforcement may be limited by the Standard Qualifications, any Permitted Encumbrances and any Title Exceptions (as defined herein).  Each Mortgage and Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits is freely assignable. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no representation is made as to the perfection of any security interest in rents or other personal property to the extent that possession or control of such items or actions other than the filing of Uniform Commercial Code (“ UCC ”) financing statements is required in order to effect such perfection.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by the Company of the other transactions contemplated herein do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt) to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be supplemented, amended, restated or replaced only by written agreement signed by each Party.
During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay to the Executive an annual base salary of $435,000 (the “Base Salary”), which Base Salary shall be payable at the times and in the manner consistent with the Company’s general policies regarding compensation of the Company’s senior executives. The Base Salary will be reviewed periodically by the Chief Executive Officer and may be increased (but not decreased, except for across-the-board reductions generally applicable to the Company’s senior executives) from time to time in the Chief Executive Officer’s sole discretion.
All notices and other communications given to any party hereto pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered, or sent either by (a) certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; (b) an overnight express courier service that provides written confirmation of delivery; (c) facsimile or other electronic transmission with written confirmation by the sending machine or with telephone or e-mail confirmation of receipt.
Change its name or the Borrower State or relocate its chief executive office without 30 days prior written notification to Bank; replace its chief executive officer or chief financial officer (i) without prompt notice to Bank and (ii) unless a replacement for such officer is approved by Borrower’s Board of Directors and engaged by Borrower within ninety (90) days after such change; engage in any business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business, other than or reasonably related or incidental to the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower; change its fiscal year end; have a Change in Control; provided that the foregoing clause shall not apply to any Change in Control pursuant to which the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full in cash contemporaneously with the close or consummation of such transaction and the Bank’s obligations to make any Credit Extensions are terminated as of the close or consummation of such transaction.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. References to Sections, Articles, Exhibits or Schedules refer to Sections of, Articles of, Exhibit to, or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise stated. Words such as “herein,” “hereinafter,” “hereof,” “hereto,” “hereby” and “hereunder,” and words of like import, unless the context requires otherwise, refer to this Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto). As used in this Agreement, the masculine, feminine and neuter genders shall be deemed to include the others if the context requires.
In the event of any Proceeding involving any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party or any payment or distribution in respect of any such property in any Proceeding, (i) all Senior Debt first shall be Paid in Full before any payment of, or payment or distribution with respect to, the Junior Debt shall be made, including, without limitation reorganization securities; (ii) any payment or distribution, whether in cash, property or securities which, but for the terms hereof, otherwise would be payable or deliverable in respect of the Junior Debt, shall be paid or delivered directly to Agent (to be held and/or applied by Agent in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement) until all Senior Debt is Paid in Full, and each Seller irrevocably authorizes, empowers and directs all receivers, trustees, liquidators, custodians, conservators and others having authority in the premises to effect all such payments and distributions, and each Seller also irrevocably authorizes, empowers and directs Agent to demand, sue for, collect and receive every such payment or distribution; and (iii) each Seller agrees to execute and deliver to Agent or its representative all such further instruments confirming the authorization referred to in the foregoing clause.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached.  Accordingly, each of the parties hereto shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, including an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York (or, if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, in any appropriate New York State or federal court), this being in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law or in equity.  Each of the parties hereby further waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate and (b) any requirement under any law to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief.
It is intended that the terms of the Award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Agreement or otherwise shall be subject to withholding on account of federal, state and local taxes, as determined by the Employer.
Payment of the [Alt. A: cash component of the Performance Award and issuance of the PSUs pursuant to the Performance Award] [Alt. B: Performance Award] will be made following the Company’s final determination of its FYxx financial results and the Committee’s approval of Performance Award payouts under the FYxx/FYxx LTIP, but in no event later than the date that is 2.5 months after the end of calendar year in which vesting occurs, or if later, the end of the Company’s tax year in which vesting occurs. [If substituted for cash pursuant to I.3 above,] PSUs will not be exercised for a fraction of a PSU, and components of the Performance Award will be rounded up or down to the nearest whole dollar or whole share, as applicable. The Company, to the extent permitted or required by law, shall have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind (including salary or bonus) otherwise due to you, an amount equal to any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the delivery of any component of the Performance Award. Issuance of the PSUs is subject to execution by you and the Company of a Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement concerning such PSUs, which shall detail the number of PSUs issued to you and shall include equivalent provisions to those set forth in Sections II.3 – 21 below, but which Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement shall not adjust the timing of settlement from that set forth above.
The following terms used herein shall have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement.
In consideration of the Bank's willingness to enter into this Amendment, the Credit Parties hereby release the Bank and each of its respective officers, employees, representatives, agents, counsel and directors from any and all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, damages and liabilities of whatever kind or nature, in law or in equity, now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected to the extent that any of the foregoing arises from any action or failure to act solely in connection with the Credit Documents on or prior to the date hereof.
The Company hereby employs the Executive to serve as president and chief executive officer (“CEO”) of Bancshares and the Association according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and for the period stated in Section 1(c) of this Agreement. The Executive hereby accepts employment according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and for the period stated in Section 1(c) of this Agreement.
Any notices regarding acceptance, rejection, or any other matters arising under this Agreement shall be sent by a method of delivery which provides a receipt of delivery and shall be addressed as provided below. Notices to Employee should be addressed to his/her home address on file with the Company. Notices to the Company should be addressed to Dan Allinger, Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources at 10260 Westheimer, Suite 700, Houston, TX 77042.
This Section 11.4 shall survive the Closing.
Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Lease is in full force and effect, Landlord is not currently in default under the Lease, and, to the best of Tenant’s knowledge, no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would ripen into Landlord’s default under the Lease.  Landlord hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Lease is in full force and effect, Tenant is not currently in default under the Lease, and, to the best of Landlord’s knowledge, no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would ripen into Tenant’s default under the Lease.  The Lease, as hereby amended.  contains all agreements of the parties with respect to the lease of the Premises.  No prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding pertaining to the Lease, as hereby amended, shall be effective.
In addition to any other assignment or participation permitted pursuant to this Section 10.06 any Lender may assign as security and/or pledge (without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) all or any portion of its Loans, the other Obligations owed by or to such Lender, and its Notes, if any, to secure obligations of such Lender including any Federal Reserve Bank as collateral security pursuant to Regulation A of the Board of Governors and any operating circular issued by such Federal Reserve Bank; provided , that no Lender, as between the Borrower and such Lender, shall be relieved of any of its obligations hereunder as a result of any such assignment and pledge; provided , further , that in no event shall the applicable Federal Reserve Bank, pledgee or trustee, be considered to be a “Lender” or be entitled to require the assigning Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder.
EACH OF MORTGAGOR AND MORTGAGEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS MORTGAGE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Parent Companies, the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
In exchange for the Company’s execution of this Agreement and Executive’s receipt of the consideration set forth in Paragraph 2 and Executive’s release herein, Executive and the Company, respectively, agree to and hereby do release and discharge the Company and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, and their respective owners, agents, employees, directors, officers and all their predecessors, successors and assigns (“Stein Mart Related Parties”), and Executive and her heirs, from any and all claims, causes of action, damages, demands and recoveries of any kind, whether known or unknown, which the party has, ever has had, or ever in the future may have and which are based on acts or omissions occurring up to and including the date of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any and all claims, causes of action, damages, demands and recoveries arising out of or relating to Executive’s employment with the Company and the termination thereof; provided that Executive does not waive any nonwaivable claims for whistleblowing, unemployment compensation or workers’ compensation benefits, if applicable. Included within the release set forth in the preceding sentence, without limiting its scope, are claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended (“FMLA”), or the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (“ADEA”), or the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1989, as amended, or the Executive Retirement Income Security Act, or the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, Sarbanes-Oxley, Dodd-Frank and any waivable laws governing whistle-blowing or retaliation, or any other federal, state or local civil rights or employment law and/or contract or tort law. This includes but is not limited to the Florida Civil Rights Act of 1992, the Florida Private Sector Whistleblowing law, Florida laws related to wage payment (F.S. §448.08), Florida Equal Pay Law, Florida Minimum Wage Act, and laws related to worker compensation retaliation (F.S. §440.205 ). Executive does not waive claims under workers’ compensation laws (except for F.S. §440.205), unemployment compensation or reeemployment assistance or that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed. This release also covers and includes claims for breach of contract (express or implied), wrongful discharge, detrimental reliance, defamation, emotional distress or compensatory or punitive damages, and any claim for attorney’s fees, costs, disbursements and/or the like. E XECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS A GREEMENT RELEASES ALL CLAIMS BASED ON FACTS OR OMISSIONS OCCURRING ON OR BEFORE THE DATE OF THIS A GREEMENT , EVEN IF E XECUTIVE DOES NOT , AT THE TIME E XECUTIVE SIGNS THIS A GREEMENT , HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF THOSE FACTS OR OMISSIONS . Executive does not waive any rights to indemnification or directors and officers liability insurance coverage.
The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all boards of directors, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the entering into of the Transaction have been obtained.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware (excluding its choice of law rules).
Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the Company and Indemnitee each irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court, and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.
This Separation Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to the principles of conflicts of law, except to the extent preempted by federal law, which shall in that case control. Any action to enforce the terms of this Separation Agreement must be brought in the State of New Jersey.
THIS JOINDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES (BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS RELATING TO NATIONAL BANKS).
This Agreement, the negotiation, terms and performance of this Agreement, the rights of the parties under this Agreement, and all actions arising in whole or in part under or in connection with this Agreement, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic substantive laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.  If any action relating to this Agreement is brought by a party hereto against any other party hereto, the prevailing party in such action will be entitled to recover all reasonable expenses relating thereto (including attorneys’ fees and expenses) from the non-prevailing party (in addition to any other relief to which such prevailing party may be entitled).  Each party to this Agreement, by its execution hereof, (a) hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts of the State of Nevada or the United States District Court for the District of Nevada for the purpose of any action between any of the parties hereto arising in whole or in part under or in connection with this Agreement, (b) hereby waives to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, in any such action, any claim that he, she or it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that venue in any such court is improper, that his, her or its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that any such action brought in one of the above-named courts should be dismissed on grounds of forum non conveniens or improper venue, that such action should be transferred or removed to any court other than one of the above-named courts, that such action should be stayed by reason of the pendency of some other action in any other court other than one of the above-named courts or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court and (c) hereby agrees not to commence or prosecute any such action other than before one of the above-named courts.  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, a party hereto may commence any action in a court other than the above-named courts solely for the purpose of enforcing an order or judgment issued by one of the above-named courts.  Each party hereto hereby (a) consents to service of process in any action between any of the parties hereto arising in whole or in part under or in connection with this Agreement or the negotiation, terms or performance hereof or thereof, in any manner permitted by Nevada law, (b) agrees that service of process made in accordance with clause (a) or made by overnight delivery by a nationally recognized courier service at his, her or its address specified pursuant to this agreement will constitute good and valid service of process in any such action and (c) waives and agrees not to assert (by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise) in any such action any claim that service of process made in accordance with clause (a) or (b) does not constitute good and valid service of process.
Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Agreement remains unmodified and in full force and effect. This Amendment along with the Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such matters. Any future reference to the Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment may not be modified or terminated orally or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing signed by all the parties hereto or their respective successors in interest. The foregoing Recitals are hereby incorporated into the Agreement.
This Patent Security Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately , to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose.
The Corporation and Executive each represent and warrant that no promise or inducement has been offered or made except as herein set forth and that the consideration stated herein is the sole consideration for this Agreement.  This Agreement is a complete and entire agreement and states fully all agreements, understandings, promises and commitments as between the Corporation and Executive and as to the termination of their relationship; this Agreement supersedes and cancels any and all other negotiations, understandings and agreements, oral or written, respecting the subject matter hereof, including any prior employment agreements between the Corporation and the Executive, including but not limited to the Employment Agreement (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement); and this Agreement may not be modified except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom the enforcement of any waiver, change, modification, or discharge is sought.
EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING LENDER, THE SWINGLINE LENDER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING LENDER OR THE SWINGLINE LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
A list of all Registered Intellectual Property of each Credit Party and all material in-bound license or sublicense agreements, material exclusive out-bound license or sublicense agreements, or other rights of any Credit Party to use material Intellectual Property (but excluding in-bound licenses of over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public), as of the Closing Date and, as updated pursuant to Section 4.15, is set forth on Schedule 3.19.  Schedule 3.19 shall be prepared by Borrower in the form provided by Agent and contain all information required in such form.  Except for Permitted Licenses, each Credit Party is the sole owner of its material Intellectual Property free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens.  No part of the Material Intangible Assets has been judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and to the Borrower’s knowledge, no claim has been made in writing that any part of the Intellectual Property violates the rights of any third party where the effect of such violation would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect .
No portion of the proceeds of the Loans will be used by any Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) in a manner which would violate or cause any Lender to be in violation of Regulation T, U or X of the Board, (ii) for any purpose in violation of any applicable law or regulation, or (iii) to finance any Acquisition other than a Permitted Acquisition. No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and the Company shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (x) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (y) directly or knowingly indirectly for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent any Person organized in the United States or in any European Union member state would be prohibited by Sanctions from conducting such activities, business or transaction or (z) in any other manner that would result in the violation of any applicable Sanctions.
Schedule 5.15 sets forth all the Subsidiaries of the Borrower at the Restatement Effective Date (after giving pro forma effect to the Transactions), the jurisdiction of their organization and the direct or indirect ownership interest of the Borrower therein.
The interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois without regard to the principle of conflicts of laws.
Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchaser’s representatives including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.
A Participant shall at all times be one hundred percent (100%) vested in his or her Account Balance.
This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect from and after the Expiration Time, provided , that no such termination shall relieve any party from liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination.
It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party and, except as otherwise specifically provided in Section 8 hereof, each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach, including, without limitation, any order of a court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply with any of its obligations hereunder; provided, however, that each Party agrees to waive any requirement for the securing or posting of a bond in connection with such remedy.
Article, Section and other headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
This Schedule is effective upon approval by the Company’s Board of Directors, and shall continue until such time the Agreement is terminated under the applicable provisions therein.
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, reporting to the CEO of the Company. In such position, the Executive shall have such duties, authority and responsibility as shall be determined from time to time by the CEO of the Company, which duties, authority and responsibility are consistent with the Executive’s position. The Executive shall, if requested, also serve as a member of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “ Board ”) or as an officer or director of any affiliate of the Company and shall provide services to affiliates of the Company consistent with his position and duties, in each case for no additional compensation.
The Seller and the Purchaser hereby acknowledge and agree that the Agreement shall be kept confidential and its contents will not be divulged to any party without the other party’s consent except as may be necessary or required in working with legal counsel, auditors, taxing authorities or other governmental agencies.
In consideration for the services performed by Executive during the Employment Period, the Bank shall pay to Executive an annual salary (“ Base Salary ”) of $375,000. The Base Salary shall be paid in approximately equal installments in accordance with the Bank’s customary payroll practices. Executive’s Base Salary shall be increased to $400,000 effective as of January 1, 2017 and shall be reviewed at least annually during the Employment Period for possible upward adjustment, and Executive’s Base Salary shall not be reduced without Executive’s consent. The term Base Salary, as utilized in this Agreement, shall refer to Base Salary as it may be increased.
All payments to be made by any Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or set-off.  All payments of principal and interest on each Loan shall be made in the currency in which the principal amount of such Loan was funded.  All fees in respect of BAs and Canadian Letters of Credit shall be paid in Canadian Dollars and all other fees shall be paid in Dollars.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by any Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office and in immediately available funds not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date specified herein.  The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each applicable Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 1:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.  If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
The necessary grammatical changes required to make the provisions hereof apply either to corporations or partnerships or individuals, men or women, as the case may require, shall in all cases be assumed as though in each case fully expressed. The captions of Articles and Sections are for convenience only and shall not be deemed to limit, construe, affect or alter the meaning of such Articles and Sections.
Executive’s employment from the Company terminated on [DATE].
Schedule 3.08 sets forth as of the Closing Date a list of all Subsidiaries and the percentage ownership interest of Holdings or the Borrower therein.  The shares of capital stock or other ownership interests so indicated on Schedule 3.08 are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by Holdings or the Borrower, directly or indirectly, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens created under the Security Documents).
THIS SIDE LETTER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.
Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the performance by the Purchaser and the Company of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder will violate or conflict with the Company or Purchaser’s entry into or performance under this Agreement or the Company’s organizational documents, or any applicable Law or Order.
This Agreement may be executed by hand or by power of attorney in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the same counterpart.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without reference to conflict of laws principles. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this Agreement to arbitrate, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with the provision of tis Arbitration Rules (the “ Arbitration ”). The Arbitration shall be held in New York County, New York. The number of arbitrators shall be three. Each of HSI and Supplier shall appoint one arbitrator, and the party-appointed arbitrators shall, in consultation with HSI and Supplier, choose a third arbitrator to who shall serve as the chairman. Judgment on any award resulting from the Arbitration may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
The Forbearance Agreement is and shall remain in full force and effect as of the date hereof except as modified by this Amendment. Notwithstanding anything in Section 13 of the Forbearance Agreement to the contrary, this Amendment shall be effective as to each party hereto upon the execution of this Amendment by or on behalf of each Note Party and Holders constituting 55% of the outstanding 2019 Notes as of the date hereof.
The title of “Administrative Agent” is used solely as a matter of market custom and the duties of the Administrative Agent are administrative in nature only.  The Administrative Agent has no duties except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, and in no event does the Administrative Agent have any agency, fiduciary or implied duty to or relationship with any Secured Party or other Person by reason of any Loan Document or related transaction.  The conferral upon the Administrative Agent of any right shall not imply a duty to exercise such right, unless instructed to do so by Lenders in accordance with this Agreement.
This Agreement, together with the Release attached as Attachment 1 , the Separation Pay Agreement attached as Attachment 2 , and the Confidentiality Agreement attached as Attachment 3 , is the entire agreement between you and the Company relating to your employment and your resignation from employment. Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, this Agreement supersedes all prior oral and written agreements and communications between the parties hereto. This Agreement will not be modified, amended or terminated, except by a written agreement manually signed by both parties hereto.
All expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger payable pursuant to the Commitment Letter shall have been paid to the extent invoiced at least one business day prior to the Closing Date.
This Agreement and any matter or dispute relating hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement is binding upon the parties hereto and on their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns. Employee agrees that the obligations contained in Sections 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 of this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement.
The parties hereby agree that Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated may, without notice to the Loan Parties, assign its rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement to any other registered broker-dealer wholly-owned by Bank of America Corporation to which all or substantially all of Bank of America Corporation’s or any of its subsidiaries’ investment banking, commercial lending services or related businesses may be transferred following the date of this Agreement.
The obligation of confidentiality by the Optionee set forth in the Company's agreements(s) with the Optionee or policies of the Company binding on or covering the Optionee shall remain in effect for perpetuity regardless of any cessation of payment pursuant to this Agreement, such that the Optionee shall not disclose confidential information of or pertaining to the Company at any time.
The obligation of confidentiality under this Section 36 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for a period of two (2) years.
This Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of the other parties.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES AND ANY DISPUTES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF OTHER OR DIFFERENT LAWS.
No provision hereof shall be modified or limited except by a written agreement expressly referring hereto and to the provisions so modified or limited, which shall be signed by Pledgor and Pledgee. The provisions of this Agreement shall not be modified or limited by course of conduct.
This Agreement and the Stock Award are made and granted pursuant to the Stock Option Documentation and are in all respects limited by and subject to the Stock Option Documentation.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Seller and does not and will not (a) require any consent or approval that has not been obtained, (b) violate any provision of Seller’s organizational documents, or (c) to Seller’s knowledge, violate any other agreement to which Seller is a party.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall become liable, directly, by assumption or by Contingent Obligation, with respect to any lease, whether an operating lease or a Capitalized Lease, of any property (whether real or personal or mixed), (i) which it or one of its Subsidiaries sold or transferred or is to sell or transfer to any other Person, or (ii) which it or one of its Subsidiaries intends to use for substantially the same purposes as any other property which has been or is to be sold or transferred by it or one of its Subsidiaries to any other Person in connection with such lease, unless in either case the sale involved is not prohibited under Section 6.02 and the lease involved is not prohibited under Section 6.01.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder and the Company do not and will not (i) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of any provision of the charter, articles of organization, bylaws or operating agreement of the Company or the Stockholder, as applicable, (ii) conflict with or violate in any material respect any Law or Order applicable to the Stockholder or, to the Knowledge of the Stockholder, the Company, or (iii) conflict with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under, require any consent under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, suspension, revocation or cancellation of, or result in the creation of any Encumbrance on any of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock owned by the Stockholder or on any of the other assets or properties of the Stockholder pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, permit, lease, sublease or other Contract to which the Stockholder is a party or by which any of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock owned by the Stockholder or any of such other assets or properties is bound or affected, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Stockholder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder and, to the Knowledge of the Stockholder, the Company, do not and will not require any Approval or Order of any Governmental Entity.
The Committee shall have the authority, at or before the time of grant of any Award, to designate such Award as a Performance Compensation Award intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code.
On or prior to the fourth (4th) business day following the date of the Closing, the Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC describing the terms of this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 5(b), Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as described in this Section 4(b), Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).
Without limiting a Party’s right to appeal any order of the Bankruptcy Court, to the extent required under the Plan (i) the bankruptcy court overseeing the bankruptcy case of Station Casinos, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries (the “ Bankruptcy Court ”) shall retain exclusive jurisdiction to enforce the terms of this Agreement and to decide any claims or disputes which may arise or result from, or be connected with, this Agreement or any breach or default hereunder, and (ii) any and all proceedings related to the foregoing shall be filed and maintained only in the Bankruptcy Court, and the parties hereby consent to and submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the Bankruptcy Court and shall receive notices at such locations as indicated in Section 6.4; provided that if the Bankruptcy Court closes the above-referenced case, the Parties agree to unconditionally and irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Clark County, Nevada, and any appellate court from any thereof, for the resolution of any such claim or dispute. The Parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such dispute brought in such court or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such dispute. Each Party agrees that a judgment in any such dispute may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each Party consents to process being served by the other Party in any suit, action or proceeding by delivery of a copy thereof in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.4. EACH PARTY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, MATTER OR PROCEEDING REGARDING THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF .
Each Party hereby agrees that money damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any other Party and that a Party may be entitled to injunctive relief, specific performance or other appropriate equitable remedies for any such breach (without posting a bond or other security). Any such remedies of a Party shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for any breach of this Agreement by the Contributors or the Company, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available to such Party at law or in equity.
Both during and, if necessary, following the Transition Period, you agree to cooperate reasonably with the Company concerning any investigative or litigation matters, government investigations or government proceedings that may arise and about which you may have relevant information.
This Agreement, together with any understanding or modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties, shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto, and shall completely supersede any prior agreements between the parties (including but not limited to their agreement dated July 20, 1992 and the employment agreements dated December 18, 1995, August 19, 2003 and June 19, 2012).
Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 5.11 , the term “Lender” includes the Issuing Lender and the term “Applicable Law” includes FATCA.
EACH OF THE MEMBERS HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY DISPUTES ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH DISPUTE SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY.
Comply with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each party shall bear the cost of the arbitrators appointed by it, and shall jointly and severally bear the cost of the umpire. The remaining costs of arbitration shall be allocated by the panel as part of its final award. The arbitrators may not award attorneys’ fees to any Party.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. Any judicial action commenced relating in any way to this Agreement including the enforcement, interpretation or performance of this Agreement, shall be commenced and maintained in a court of competent jurisdiction located in Maricopa County, Arizona. In any action to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its litigation costs, including its attorneys' fees. The parties hereby waive and relinquish any right to a jury trial and agree that any dispute shall be heard and resolved by a court and without a jury. The parties further agree that the dispute resolution, including any discovery, shall be accelerated and expedited to the extent possible. Each party's agreements in this Section 4.2 are made in consideration of the other party's agreements in this Section 4.2, as well as in other portions of this Agreement.
The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of $360,000 which shall accrue commencing as of October 1, 2016 and shall be payable upon the Company generating sufficient net revenue or obtaining sufficient third party financing; and thereafter payable in periodic installments in accordance with the Company's customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executive's base salary shall be reviewed at least annually by the Board and the Board may, but shall not be required to, increase the base salary during the Employment Term. The Executive's annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as " Base Salary ".
This Agreement, the Indenture, First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the other Security Documents represent the entire agreement of the Grantors, the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party relative to subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein, in the Indenture, First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or in the other Security Documents.
Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date and immediately following the making of each Loan and after giving effect to the application of the proceeds of each Loan, (a) the fair value of the property and assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) (including goodwill and other intangibles) is greater than the liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis); (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) (including goodwill and other intangibles) is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) of their debts as they become absolute and matured; (c) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) have not incurred, or believe that they will incur, debts or liabilities beyond the ability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature; and (d) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) do not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged.
Company hereby agrees to employ Executive and Executive hereby accepts such employment, upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.
Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors and each of the Subsidiaries of Borrower and REIT (i) is a corporation, limited partnership, general partnership, limited liability company or trust, as applicable, duly organized under the laws of its State of organization and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws thereof, (ii) has all requisite power to own its property and conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated and (iii) is in good standing and is duly authorized to do business in each jurisdiction where an Unencumbered Property included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value owned or leased by it is located (to the extent required by applicable law) and in each other jurisdiction where a failure to be so qualified could have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.
AstraZeneca shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and any subcontractors to, keep appropriate records of the work performed under this Supply Agreement, including records pertaining to the methods and facilities used by it for the Manufacture, storage, and testing of Supplied Products. AstraZeneca shall maintain all records and reports with respect to the Manufacture and supply of Supplied Products (and in relation to the provision of any other services) under this Supply Agreement as required by applicable Laws or by the terms of any Regulatory Approval.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.
Indemnitee shall give the Company notice in writing as soon as practicable, and, in any event, no later than 30 days after Indemnitee becomes aware, of any Proceeding for which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement; provided that any failure or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligations under this Agreement unless and to the extent that (i) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is party to or aware of such Proceeding and (ii) the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure.
In consideration of the compensation and benefits outlined in Section 6 herein, and for other valuable consideration, Employee and his representatives, heirs, successors, and assigns do hereby completely release and forever discharge Company, its parent, and any present or past affiliates, and its and their present and former shareholders, officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, insurers, successors, and assigns (hereinafter referred to individually as a “Released Party” and collectively as the “Released Parties”) from all claims, rights, demands, actions, obligations, liabilities, and causes of action of every kind and character, known or unknown, mature or unmatured, which Employee may now have or has ever had, whether based on tort, contract (express or implied), or any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation (collectively herein referred to as the “Released Claims”). By way of example and not in limitation of the foregoing, Released Claims shall include any claims arising under the Civil Rights Act, Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and any and all similar claims arising under any statute, law or regulation of the state of Arkansas, as well as any claims asserting breach of express and implied contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, retaliation, violation of any applicable service letter law(s), negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage, defamation, invasion of privacy, and claims related to disability. Employee likewise releases the Released Parties from any and all obligations for attorneys’ fees incurred in regard to the above claims, or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Released Claims shall not include: (i) Any claims based on obligations created by or reaffirmed in this Agreement; or (ii) Any obligation Company may have under the Company’s retirement plan; or (iii) Any obligation the Company may have for any unpaid compensation due Employee for work performed on or prior to the Effective Date; or (iv) Any claims for insurance benefits that are covered by the Company’s health insurance plan; or (v) Any claims for unemployment benefits that Employee may file, which the Parties acknowledge is a claim against the state unemployment fund and is not a claim against the Company or the Released Parties in any event; or (vi) Any rights or claims that arise after the date on which Employee signs and delivers this Agreement to Company.
No interest will accrue on the payroll deductions of a Participant in the Plan.
This Warrant will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts of Florida or in the federal courts located in Miami-Dade County, in the State of Florida. Both parties and the individuals signing this Agreement agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.
You will become vested in the Awarded Shares at the end of the Vesting Period set forth in Appendix A, provided you remain in the service of the Company or one of its subsidiaries either as an associate, if this Award was granted to you as an associate, or as a member of the Board of Directors, if the Award is granted to you as a director, throughout the Performance Period and the Vesting Period, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Section. This Award shall automatically terminate in the event of your termination of employment or other service with the Company, for any reason other than (a) due to your death, Disability or normal retirement as provided in Section 6 below or (b) following a Change in Control as provided in Section 9(b) below, at any time prior to the end of the Performance Period or the Vesting Period. In the event of such termination, all Target Shares and/or Awarded Shares shall be forfeited and all obligations of the Company to you under this Award shall become void and of no further effect.
The Company may terminate your employment at any time with or without Cause, because of your death or because of your Disability. You may resign your employment at any time with or without Good Reason. The date on which the termination of your employment becomes effective is the “Termination Date.” If your employment terminates for any reason, you will receive (i) your accrued base salary through the Termination Date; (ii) any earned, but unpaid annual bonus for the prior calendar year; (iii) unpaid expense reimbursements; and (iv) any vested benefits you may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company (the “Accrued Obligations”) on or before the time required by law but in no event more than 30 days after the Termination Date.
The consideration and payment set forth in Section 4.03 shall be paid without deduction of any taxes levied against such consideration and payment imposed by any applicable tax authority; provided , however , that each Party is responsible for its own income taxes, corporate taxes and applicable franchise taxes. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that no withholding tax obligation should apply with respect to the payments to be made to either Party hereunder, provided that each Party cooperates with the other Party in providing and completing in a timely manner, in a form acceptable to the applicable tax authorities, all forms that must be filed with such tax authorities in order to avoid withholding obligations.
The Executive’s annual base salary shall, effective as of June 1, 2016, be decreased from $300,000 to $230,000. Accordingly, the first sentence of Section 3(a) of the Employment Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, is hereby further amended, effective as of June 1, 2016, to delete the dollar amount of “$300,000” and to replace it with the dollar amount of “$230,000”.
All decisions or interpretations made by the Committee, in its reasonable discretion, with regard to any question arising under the Plan or this Option Agreement as provided by Section 4 of the Plan, shall be binding and conclusive on the Company and the Employee.
This Option Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile execution and delivery of this Option Agreement is legal, valid and binding execution and delivery for all purposes.
The Company shall reimburse Kelley Dyre & Warren LLP (counsel to the lead Buyer), on demand, for all reasonable, documented costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with preparing and delivering this Agreement (including, without limitation, all reasonable, documented legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith, and due diligence in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby) in an aggregate amount not to exceed $10,000 (in addition to any expense reimbursement payable to Kelley Drye & Warren LLP pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement).
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York.
No effective financing statement or other public notice indicating the existence of a valid Lien on all or any part of the Collateral is on file or of record in any public office, except such as have been filed in favor of the Agent pursuant to this Security Agreement or as are permitted by the Credit Agreement or with respect to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Agent have been made. No Person other than the Agent has control or possession of all or any part of the Collateral, except as not prohibited by the Credit Agreement.
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings given them in the Repurchase Agreement, or with respect to capitalized terms used in Section 9 and not otherwise defined herein or in the Repurchase Agreement, the respective meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2013, (the “ Credit Agreement ”) among Guarantor, as borrower thereunder, Buyer as administrative agent thereunder and the lenders thereto, (as amended, supplemented, replaced, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time; provided that if the obligations under the Credit Agreement are paid in full and the lending commitments thereunder are terminated, the Credit Agreement is otherwise terminated or cancelled, or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. shall for any reason cease to remain a party thereto, the provisions and related capitalized terms contained in Section 9 shall remain as they existed immediately prior to such event), attached hereto as Exhibit A .
The Company shall employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending as provided in Section 5 hereof.
Except for any pre-acquisition notification or Consent requirements under the HSR Act, no Consent is required in connection with the execution and delivery by a Buyer Party of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
Each Debtor shall pay promptly prior to delinquency all property and other taxes, assessments and government charges or levies imposed upon, and all claims (including, without limitation, claims for labor, materials and supplies) against, the Equipment or Inventory, except to the extent the validity thereof is being contested in good faith and adequate reserves are being maintained in connection therewith.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its Property, except (other than with respect to Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable AML Laws and applicable Sanctions) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable AML Laws and applicable Sanctions.
If one or more Stockholders (together with their respective Permitted Transferees) holding no less than a majority of all the Common Shares (assuming conversion of all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock) (such Stockholders, the “ Dragging Stockholders ”), propose to consummate, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, a Change of Control (a “ Drag-along Sale ”), the Dragging Stockholders shall have the right, after delivering the Drag-along Notice in accordance with Section 3.4(c) and subject to compliance with Section 3.4(d), to require that each other Stockholder (each, a “ Drag-along Stockholder ”) participate in such sale in the manner set forth in Section 3.4(b).
Each Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnitee for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including legal, consulting and accounting fees) in the course of proceedings described in Section 6.01 to the extent those expenses are reasonably attributable to the Indemnifying Party or any of its Affiliates, or to any matter for which the Indemnifying Party is required to indemnify under Article IV or which would result in an additional payment obligation of the Indemnifying Party under Article II.
Any payment under this Article 7 that is more than [**] past due will be subject to interest at an annual percentage rate of [**] plus [**] if a Party does not make payment within [**] of its receipt of notice that such amount is past due.  Likewise, any overpayment that is not refunded within [**] after the date such overpayment was made will thereafter be subject to interest at an annual percentage rate of [**] plus [**]; provided, however, that if the overpayment is due to errors in reports provided by the overpaid Party, such interest will accrue from the date the overpayment was made.  Notwithstanding the preceding, if a Party contests any amounts due hereunder in good faith and promptly notifies the other Party of such dispute, interest will not accrue as to amounts being so contested until [**] following the presentation of such notice to the other Party.
Executive shall participate in the Company’s discretionary time off program, which went into effect January 1, 2016, or such other program or benefit as the Company may offer to its similarly situated employees.
All payments under this Note shall be made in lawful tender of the United States no later than 5:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time, on the date on which such payment is due, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account identified by the Holder.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations, in each case, hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Party.
The Company’s obligations under the Plan are subject to the approval of state and federal authorities or agencies with jurisdiction in the matter. The Company will use its best efforts to take steps required by state or federal law or applicable regulations, including rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange on which the Company’s shares may then be listed, in connection with the grants under the Plan. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver Common Stock under the Plan if such issuance or delivery would violate state or federal securities laws.
This Agreement, inclusive of all schedules attached hereto, sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof.
Accrued interest under this Note shall be due and payable in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period. The principal balance outstanding hereunder, together with all accrued interest and other amounts payable hereunder, if not sooner paid as provided herein, shall be due and payable on September 22, 2017.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  An executed facsimile or .pdf of this Amendment may be relied upon as having, and shall be deemed to have, the same force and effect as an original.
The Lender shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco for the 2015 fiscal year, (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Holdco for each fiscal quarter ended after the date of the latest applicable financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available, and such financial statements shall not, in the reasonable judgment of the Lender, reflect any material adverse change in the consolidated financial condition of Holdco, as reflected in the audited, consolidated financial statements described in clause (i) of this paragraph and (iii) satisfactory Projections through December 31, 2016.
This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, except by a written instrument executed by PE Member and Developer. No provision of this Agreement may be waived except by a written instrument executed by the party against whom the enforcement of such waiver is sought and then only to the extent set forth in such instrument.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of the Term Loan, regardless of any investigation made by any other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on the Term Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Term Commitment has not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.10, 2.11, 2.12 and 8.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Term Loan and the Term Commitment or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.
Except as set forth in Schedule 4.8 , each Group Member has good and indefeasible title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold or subleasehold interest in, all its real property, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in or right to use, all its Property (other than Intellectual Property), in each case, that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such Property is subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens. As of the Closing Date, except as set forth in Schedule 4.8 , no real property is owned by any Loan Party in fee simple or leased by any Loan Party.
All obligations under this Note shall be the joint and several obligations of each of the individuals and entities comprising the Borrower, if more than one. This Note shall bind the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of Borrower. The endorsers, guarantors, and sureties of this Note and each of them hereby waive diligence, demand, presentment for payment, notice of nonpayment, protest, and notice of protest, and specifically consent to and waive notice of any renewals or extensions of this Note, whether made to or in favor of the makers or any other person or persons. The pleading of any statute of limitations as a defense to any demand against endorsers, guarantors, and sureties is expressly waived by each and all of the said parties. This Note, and the documents executed in connection with this Note, may be transferred, assigned or hypothecated by Lender without the prior consent of the undersigned.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to exchange with the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, principal and accrued but unpaid interest in the Existing Note for Debentures and New Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company the Existing Note and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Debenture and New Warrants. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. Upon surrender and delivery of the Existing Note and the rights, covenants, agreements and obligations of the parties thereunder or contemplated thereby will terminate and be of no further force and effect, and all of the obligations of the Company under the Existing Note are hereby released, extinguished and terminated.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable harm would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by a party hereto in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached by such party, and that the other parties hereto would not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages in such event. It is accordingly agreed that each party shall be entitled, without posting any bond or other undertaking, to specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law or in equity.
Other than as set forth in Section 10.24 , all necessary Gaming Permits in connection with the Transactions, including without limitation, the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken by any competent authority which restrains, enjoins, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon the consummation of the Transactions. In addition, there shall not exist any judgment, order, injunction or other restraint, and there shall be no pending litigation or proceeding by any Governmental Authority, prohibiting, enjoining or imposing materially adverse conditions upon the Transactions, or on the consummation thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, enforced and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to any statute or Law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise. The Parties intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein shall have independent significance. If any Party has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty, or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which the Party has not breached shall not detract from or mitigate the fact that the Party is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant. The Exhibits, Annexes, and Schedules identified in this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference shall be construed with and as an integral part of this Agreement to the same extent as if the same had been set forth verbatim herein.
Indemnitor, on behalf of Indemnitor and Indemnitor’s heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the " Releasors "), hereby forever fully and irrevocably releases and discharges the Indemnitees and each of their affiliates, and each of their respective predecessors, successors, direct or indirect subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents and other representatives (collectively, the " Released Parties "), from any and all actions, suits, claims, demands, debts, agreements, obligations, promises, judgments and liabilities of any kind whatsoever in law or equity and causes of action of every kind and nature or otherwise (including, claims for damages, costs, expenses, and attorneys’, brokers’ and accountants’ fees and expenses) arising out of or related to events, facts, conditions or circumstances existing or arising prior to or after the date hereof or the Effective Time, which the Releasors can, shall or may have against the Released Parties, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, anticipated or unanticipated (collectively, the " Released Claims "). The Releasors irrevocably agree to refrain from instituting any suit, action or proceeding of any kind, in any court or before any tribunal, against any Released Party based upon, arising out of, or relating to any Released Claim, participating, assisting or cooperating in any such suit, action or proceeding or encouraging or soliciting any third party to institute any such suit, action or proceeding. .
Any notice or other communication required or permitted by this Agreement to be given to a party shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or by commercial messenger or courier service, or mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), or sent via facsimile (with receipt of confirmation of complete transmission) to the party at the party’s address or facsimile number written below or at such other address or facsimile number as the party may have previously specified by like notice. If by mail, delivery shall be deemed effective three business days after mailing in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser or by the Company with respect to any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before May 27, 2016; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
(a)  The General Partner shall not be liable for the return of all or any part of the Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners. Any returns shall be made solely from the assets of the Partnership according to the terms of this Agreement.
The Company or its Affiliates shall be entitled to require a cash payment (or to elect, or permit the Participant to elect, such other form of payment determined in accordance with Section 11.2 of the Plan) by or on behalf of the Participant and/or to deduct from other compensation payable to the Participant any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to the grant, vesting or payment of the Award. The number of Shares which shall be so withheld in order to satisfy such federal, state and/or local withholding tax liabilities shall be limited to the number of shares which have a fair market value on the date of withholding equal to the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state and/or local tax purposes that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any certificate representing Shares to the Participant or the Participant’s legal representative or to enter any such Shares in book entry form unless and until the Participant or the Participant’s legal representative, as applicable, shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state and local taxes applicable to the taxable income of the Participant resulting from the grant or vesting of the Award or the issuance of Shares hereunder. To the extent that any Federal Insurance Contributions Act tax withholding obligations arise in connection with the Performance Shares prior to the applicable Vesting Date, the Administrator shall accelerate the payment of a portion of the award of Performance Shares sufficient to satisfy (but not in excess of) such tax withholding obligations and any tax withholding obligations associated with any such accelerated payment, and the Administrator shall withhold such amounts in satisfaction of such withholding obligations.
(a) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in Liability of any Company under Title IV of ERISA to such Pension Plan, such Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of $5,000,000, or (b) General Partner or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of $5,000,000.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement or the Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered personally or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed facsimile, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, if such notice is addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address or facsimile number as set forth below or as subsequently modified by written notice.  The Company covenants that in the event that any Purchaser gives notice of their exercise of the Warrants, the Company will promptly notify all other Purchasers of such exercise.
Upon the request of Administrative Agent, it shall execute or deliver any additional agreements, documents and instruments, and take such further actions as may be reasonably requested by Administrative Agent from time to time, to assure Administrative Agent is perfected with a first priority Lien on the Collateral or to carry out the provisions and purposes of the Loan Documents.
The waiver by CDK of any breach of this Agreement by me shall not be effective unless in writing signed by the President of CDK, and no such waiver with regards to me or any other person under a similar agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of the same type of breach or any other breach on a subsequent occasion by me or any other person or entity.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “ Exchange Act ”) during the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (all of the foregoing filed within the two years preceding the date hereof as amended after the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to as the “ SEC Documents ”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Document prior to the expiration of any such extension (including pursuant to SEC from 12b-25). The Company has delivered to the Investor or its representatives, or made available through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). No other information provided by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor which is not included in the SEC Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstance under which they are or were made, not misleading.
Other than as could not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all taxes due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except such taxes, if any, (a) that are not yet delinquent or (b) as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP.
Subscriber has not retained any broker, finder or agent or agreed to pay any brokerage fees, finder's fees or commissions with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.
Grant or permit to exist (voluntarily or involuntarily) any lien, claim, security interest or other encumbrance whatsoever on any of its assets, other than Permitted Liens (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement as in effect as of the date hereof).
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
The insurance coverage of the Loan Parties and the Restricted Subsidiaries as in effect on the Closing Date in excess of $10,000,000 is outlined as to carrier, policy number, type and deductible on Schedule 9.1.17 . As of the Closing Date, all premiums due and payable in respect insurance covering a material portion of the Collateral have been paid.
The respective indemnities, representations, warranties and covenants of the Counterparty, the Dealer Manager and the Company as set forth in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the general principles of equity and to bankruptcy or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Subscriber does not and will not conflict with, violate or cause a breach of any agreement, contract or instrument to which the Subscriber is a party.  In case the Subscriber is an entity, it was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Subscriber’s Shares, is a company incorporated, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction where it is incorporated. Entering into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not result in the violation of any of the terms and provisions of any law applicable to, or the charter or other organizational documents, bylaws or other governing documents of, the Subscriber or of any agreement, written or oral, to which the Subscriber may be a party or by which the Subscriber is or may be bound.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive’s death during the Employment Term, this Agreement shall terminate without further compensation obligations to the Executive’s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for (i) payment of Accrued Obligations (which shall be paid to the Executive’s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 90 days of the Date of Termination) and the timely payment or settlement of any other amount pursuant the Other Benefits and (ii) treatment of all other compensation under existing plans as provided by the terms and rules of those plans.
Except for [***], whose fees shall be paid at Closing by the Seller, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller.
The Article and paragraph headings throughout this Agreement are for convenience and reference only, and shall in no way be deemed to define, limit, or add to the meaning of any provision of this Agreement.
Any notice, demand or request required hereunder shall be given in writing (at the addresses set forth in Exhibit A ) by any of the following means: (i) personal service; (ii) electronic communication, whether by telex, telegram or telecopying or other form of electronic communication; (iii) overnight courier; or (iv) registered or certified, first class U.S. mail, return receipt requested, or to such other addresses as Lender or Borrower may specify from time to time in writing.
The Company shall have performed and complied with in all material respects all of its covenants and agreements required to be performed or complied with by it under this Agreement on or prior to the Closing Date.
The proceeds of the Term Loans shall be utilized for general corporate purposes.
The Company shall continue until terminated in accordance with Section  8.1 .
ALL AMOUNTS DUE UNDER THIS SECTION 10.04 SHALL BE PAYABLE NOT LATER THAN TEN BUSINESS DAYS AFTER DEMAND THEREFOR.
The parties acknowledge and agree that Employee’s employment with the Company terminated on August 5, 2016 (the “ Termination Date ”). The Company agrees to characterize Employee’s termination as “without cause” under Section 5.3 of the Employment Agreement between the parties, dated as of April 22, 2014 (the “Employment Agreement” ). With the exception of Employee’s vested benefits, interests or rights in the Company’s 401(k) plan or other employee benefit plans in which Employee is a participant, if any, Employee acknowledges that, Employee has been paid all wages, compensation, benefits (including all earned and unused vacation days or paid time-off), less applicable tax withholding, and business expenses relating to Employee’s employment with the Company through Employee’s Termination Date.
No Person has or will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any right, interest or claim against or upon the Purchaser or the Company for any commission, fee or other compensation payable as a finder or broker.
The related Borrower has good and marketable fee simple title to the Property with full right to transfer and sell the Property, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens.
All real estate taxes, assessments and governmental charges, payments in lieu of taxes or assessments imposed by any governmental authority (“ Taxes ”) which accrued during the 2015 calendar year (but which are due and payable during the 2016 calendar year) shall be paid by Seller. All payments of Taxes attributable to the 2016 calendar year that are received by Seller from Tenant prior to Closing shall be paid over to Buyer at Closing or otherwise credited against the Purchase Price. If the Closing occurs prior to the receipt by Seller of the tax bill for the Property for applicable tax period in which the Closing occurs, Taxes with respect to the Property shall be prorated for such calendar year or other applicable tax period based upon the prior year’s tax bill.
Executive shall serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial and accounting officer) and Corporate Secretary and shall report directly to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, LENDER OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period (including any extensions by virtue of the Chapter 11 Cases) all material Taxes with respect to periods after the Petition Date whether real, personal, or otherwise, due and payable by, or imposed, levied, or assessed against it, or any of its assets or in respect of any of its income, businesses, or franchises, except to the extent that the validity of such Tax is the subject of a Permitted Protest.
All capitalized terms, not otherwise defined herein, have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan.
Give prompt written notice to the Administrative Agent (who promptly shall furnish the same to the Lenders) of (a) any proceeding instituted by or against the Borrower or any of the Loan Parties in any federal or state court or before any commission or other regulatory body, federal, state or local or other governmental agency, which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on any Loan Party, (b) any other event which could reasonably be expected to lead to or result in a Material Adverse Effect on any Loan Party or result in an Event of Default, (c) (i) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of or forthcoming occurrence of any ERISA Event or Foreign Plan Event, a written notice specifying the nature thereof, what action Borrower, any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the IRS, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with respect thereto; and (ii) with reasonable promptness, upon Administrative Agent’s request, copies of (1) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by Borrower, any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates with the IRS with respect to each Pension Plan; (2) all notices received by Borrower, any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning an ERISA Event or Foreign Plan Event; and three (3) copies of such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan or Pension Plan as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, and (d) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default.
Neither this Note nor the proceeds hereof shall be assignable by the Borrower without the Lender’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment without the Lender’s prior written consent shall create a default under this Note. This Note may be assigned, in whole or in part, by the Lender and its successors or assigns. The Borrower’s consent shall not be required for any such assignment.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1.14 attached hereto, there are no judgments unsatisfied against Seller or the Property or consent decrees or injunctions to which Seller or the Property is subject, and there is no litigation, claim or proceeding pending (meaning appropriate process or notice has been served on Seller or its authorized agent) against Seller or the Property which, if determined adversely, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the consummation of the sale of the Property.
Indemnitor hereby represents to and for the benefit of Indemnified Parties that except as otherwise disclosed by the Environmental Reports: (a) to Indemnitor’s knowledge, there are no Hazardous Substances or underground storage tanks in, on, or under the Property, except those that are both (i) in compliance with all Environmental Laws and in compliance with all permits issued pursuant thereto and (ii) fully disclosed to Indemnitee in writing pursuant to the Environmental Report; (b) to the best knowledge of Indemnitor, there are no past or present Releases in, on, under or from the Property which have not been fully remediated in accordance with all Environmental Laws; (c) Indemnitor does not know of, and has not received, any written or oral notice or other communication from any Person (including a Governmental Authority) relating to any threat of any Release migrating to the Property; (d) to the best knowledge of Indemnitor, there is no past or present non-compliance with any Environmental Law, or with permits issued pursuant thereto, in connection with the Property which has not been fully remediated in accordance with all Environmental Laws; and (e) Indemnitor does not know of, and has not received, any written or oral notice or other communication from any Person (including a Governmental Authority) relating to Hazardous Substances or Remediation thereof in connection with the Property, of possible liability of any Person pursuant to any Environmental Law in connection with the Property, any other environmental conditions in connection with the Property or any other property previously owned or operated in common with all or any part of the Property (whether or not such property shall have been combined with all or any of the Property in a single property description), or any actual or potential administrative or judicial proceedings in connection with any of the foregoing. Indemnitor has delivered to Indemnitee, in writing, any and all information relating to environmental conditions in, on, under or from the Property that is known to Indemnitor (including any condition fully remediated in accordance with Environmental Laws), including any reports relating to Hazardous Substances in, on, under or from the Property and/or to the environmental condition of the Property.
Each notice relating to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date it is received. Each notice to the Company shall be addressed to its principal Office in Omaha, Nebraska, Attention: Compensation. Each notice to the Participant or any other person or persons entitled to shares issuable upon settlement of the RSUs shall be addressed to the Participant’s address and may be in written or electronic form. Anyone to whom a notice may be given under this Agreement may designate a new address by giving notice to the effect.
This Amendment shall automatically terminate and cease to be effective upon the earlier of (a) the termination of the Merger Agreement and (b) 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on August 10, 2016 (or November 10, 2016 in the event that the Termination Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) is extended pursuant to Section 10.2(a) of the Merger Agreement), in each case if the Closing Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall not have occurred on or prior to such time.
Interest on this Bond payable prior to or on the Maturity Date shall be paid by check or draft mailed to the Registered Holder of this Bond (provided, that any Registered Holder of $1,000,000 or more in Bonds may, upon written notice to the Trustee containing the appropriate information, elect to be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account in the United States) at its address as it appears on the registration books of the Trustee (in such capacity, the “Bond Registrar”). Interest on this Bond which is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Registered Holder of this Bond as of the applicable Regular Record Date. In order to make payment of defaulted interest, the District shall pay the defaulted interest to the person who is the Registered Holder on a subsequent special record date. The Trustee shall fix the special record date and special interest payment date. At least 10 days before the special record date, the Trustee shall mail to the Registered Holder a notice that states the special record date, the special interest payment date, and the amount of interest to be paid.
The Company hereby agree to indemnify Executive and hold Executive harmless, to the maximum extent permitted by law, against and in respect of any and all actions, suits, proceedings, claims, demands, judgments, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees), losses, and damages (collectively, “ Claims and Expenses ”) resulting from Executive’s good faith performance of Executive’s duties and obligations as an officer or director of the Company, any Subsidiary or as a fiduciary of any benefit plan of any of the foregoing or in any other role any of them request Executive to serve; provided, that Executive shall not be entitled to indemnification hereunder against Claims and Expenses that are finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from Executive’s fraud or willful misconduct. The Company shall cover Executive under directors’ and officers’ liability insurance both during and, while potential liability exists, after the term of this Agreement in the same amount and to the same extent as the Company covers its other officers and directors. The obligations under this Section 25 shall survive the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company.
Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document .
Without notice and without the Makers’ consent, Payee may i ncur expenses to collect amounts due under this Note, enforce the terms of this Note or any other Loan Documents, and preserve or dispose of the Collateral. Among other things, the expenses may include payments for property taxes, prior liens, insurance (including force-placed insurance), appraisals, environmental remediation costs, and attorney’s fees and costs. If Payee incurs any of these expenses, then Payee may demand immediate repayment from Makers or add the expenses to the principal balance. If Payee requests legal services by an attorney for enforcement, modification or collection, or through any legal proceeding at law or in equity or in bankruptcy, receivership, out-of-court workout, or other court proceedings, then Makers agree to pay all costs including, but not limited to, court costs and attorneys’ fees.
If this Amendment is executed in counterparts, each is hereby declared to be an original; all, however, shall constitute but one and the same amendment.  In any action or proceeding, any photographic, photostatic, or other copy of this Amendment may be introduced into evidence without foundation. The parties agree to accept a digital image (including but not limited to an image in the form of a PDF, JPEG, GIF file, or other e-signature) of this Amendment, if applicable, reflecting the execution of one or both of the parties, as a true and correct original.
The Borrower shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law (including all applicable Healthcare Laws), orders and Facility Documents and preserve and maintain its limited liability company existence, rights, franchises, qualifications and privileges, except in each case, where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the Borrower’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder or the ability to assign or collect the Receivables hereunder.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and shall constitute an agreement binding on all parties notwithstanding that all parties are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart provided that all parties are furnished a copy or copies thereof reflecting the signature of all parties.
No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreement or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which is not expressly set forth in this Agreement.
Each Loan Party will, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its and its Subsidiaries’ legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the conduct of its business; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 .
The Company shall continue to engage primarily in the automotive business and preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and take all reasonable actions to maintain all rights necessary for the normal conduct of its principal line of business, except, in each case, (i) to the extent that failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) as otherwise permitted or provided in the Loan Documents.
Such Seller is a duly formed and validly existing Delaware limited liability company, in existence and in good standing (or will be by the Closing applicable to such Seller) under the laws of the State of Delaware. Each Subsidiary Company owned by such Seller is a duly formed and validly existing limited liability company in its jurisdiction of formation. Such Seller has delivered or made available to Purchaser correct and complete copies of the current limited liability company operating agreement, and any amendments thereto, as applicable, of each of the Subsidiary Companies.
This IP Security Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties and their respective successors and assigns, provided that Grantor shall not assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Secured Party. The term “Secured Party” shall be deemed to include any other holder or holders of any of the Secured Obligations. In case any provision in this IP Security Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This IP Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this IP Security Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith by facsimile transmission or other customary means of electronic transmission, including by PDF file, shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this IP Security Agreement or such other document or instrument, as applicable.
I n the event of a pending Change in Control, if (a) Company and Participant have not received written notice at least five (5) business days prior to the anticipated closing date of the transaction giving rise to the Change in Control from the successor to all or a substantial portion of the Company’s business and/or assets that such successor as of the closing will assume and agree to perform Company’s obligations under this Agreement through substitution by the surviving company or corporation or its parent of an award of equivalent value computed by converting the Market Share Units to an equivalent number of time-based restricted stock units, the amount of such restricted stock units to be equal to the amount of Market Share Units earned through the Change in Control (for this purpose, the Market Share Units earned will be based on the Ending Stock Price and the Unit Number Modifier shall be the greater of the target Unit Number Modifier or the actual Unit Modifier, based on the most recent publicly filed financial statements prior to the Change in Control, then, (b) all Market Share Units shall vest upon Change in Control based on the Ending Stock Price, and applying the greater of the target Unit Number Modifier or the actual Unit Modifier, based on the most recent publicly filed financial statements prior to Change in Control. If assumed by the successor the substituted time based awards will vest upon the earlier of the end of the original award performance period or upon termination as set forth in Section 3.2.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and any Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
Commissions do not include applicable taxes. LE will be responsible for the payment of all taxes, duties, and tariffs payable on the provision of the Services including sales, use, excise, value-added, business, service, goods and services, consumption, and other similar taxes or duties, including taxes incurred on transactions between and among Agent, its Affiliates, and third-party contractors, along with any related interest and penalties (“ Transaction Taxes ”). LE will reimburse Agent for any deficiency relating to Transaction Taxes that are LE’s responsibility under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, each party will be responsible for its own income and franchise taxes, employment taxes, withholding, and property taxes. The Parties will cooperate in Good Faith to minimize Transaction Taxes to the extent legally permissible. Each party will provide to the other party any resale exemption, multiple points of use certificates, treaty certification and other exemption information reasonably requested by the other Party.
The Company may deduct from any compensation payable to Executive (including payments made pursuant to this ARTICLE II or in connection with the termination of employment pursuant to ARTICLE III of this Agreement) amounts sufficient to cover Executive’s share of applicable federal, state and/or local income tax withholding, social security payments, state disability and other insurance premiums and payments.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The words “include,” “includes” and “including” when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words “without limitation.” The phrases “the date of this Agreement”, “the date hereof”, and terms of similar import, unless the context otherwise requires, shall be deemed to refer to the date first above written. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires: (i) words of any gender include each other gender; (ii) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; and (iii) the terms “hereof,” “herein,” “hereunder” and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, including via facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission capable of authentication, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same agreement. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
This Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement supersede any previous understandings or agreements among the Parties, whether oral or written, with respect to their subject matter. This Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement contain the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. No understanding, representation, promise or agreement, whether oral or written, is intended to be or shall be included in or form part of this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents or the Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement unless it is contained in a written amendment hereto or thereto and executed by the Parties hereto or thereto after the date of this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents or the Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement. To the extent that there is any conflict between the Ancillary Documents and this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.
No Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) is a Sanctioned Person or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.
Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by Landlord in connection with reviewing and responding to any proposed Transfer (including any request for consent to, or any waiver of Landlord’s rights in connection with, any security interest in any of Tenant’s property at the Premises).  Such expenses also shall include reasonable costs incurred by Landlord in considering any improvements or Alterations proposed to be made in connection with the Transfer.
Upon termination of Executive’s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all officer and management positions then held with the Company. Following any termination of employment and prior to the last day of Executive’s employment, Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in the winding up of pending work on behalf of the Company and the orderly transfer of work to other employees. Executive shall also cooperate with the Company in the defense of any action brought by any third party against the Company that relates to Executive’s employment by the Company at the Company’s sole cost and expense.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute one and the same original. Signatures and notices delivered by facsimile (including, without limitation, by “pdf”) shall be deemed effective for all purposes.
This Plan and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Wisconsin (excluding any choice of law rules that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts and delivered by facsimile or other form of electronic transmission, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
The Parties hereby submit to, and waive any venue objections against, the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Orange County in the State of California.
This Agreement and the legal relations between the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of California, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law.
This Amendment shall in all respects be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts executed and to be performed entirely within such State and shall be further subject to the provisions of § 19 and § 23 of the Credit Agreement.
The Executive and the Company agree that damages for breach of any of the covenants under Sections 7 and 8 will be difficult to determine and inadequate to remedy the harm which may be caused thereby, and therefore consent that these covenants may be enforced by temporary or permanent injunction without the necessity of bond.
All disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does not make nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to participate in all retirement, compensation and Executive benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company to other Executives of the Company (except severance plans, policies, practices, or programs) subject to the eligibility criteria set forth therein, as such may be amended or terminated from time to time.
This Amendment shall be a contract made under and governed by the internal laws of the State of New York. The choice of law and venue and jury trial waiver provisions set forth in Section 12 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall apply in all respects to this Amendment.
Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement nor the consummation by such Member (or any of its Affiliates) of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) does or will conflict with, violate or result in a breach of (or has conflicted with, violated or resulted in a breach of) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any law, regulation, order, writ, injunction, decree, determination or award of any court, any governmental department, board, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or any arbitrator, applicable to such Member or any of its Affiliates, (ii) does or will conflict with, violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default under (or has conflicted with, violated, resulted in a breach of or constituted a default under) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of the articles of incorporation, bylaws, partnership agreement or operating agreement of such Member or any of its Affiliates or of any material agreement or instrument to which such Member or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which such Member or any of its Affiliates is or may be bound or to which any of its properties or assets is subject, (iii) does or will conflict with, violate, result in (or has conflicted with, violated or resulted in) a breach of, constitute (or has Constituted) a default under (whether with notice or lapse of time or both}, accelerate or permit the acceleration of (or has accelerated} the performance required by, give (or has given) to others any material interests or rights or require any consent, authorization or approval under any indenture, mortgage, lease, agreement or instrument to which such Member or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which such Member or any of its Affiliates or any of their properties or assets is or may be bound or (iv) does or will result (or has resulted) in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of such Member or any of its Affiliates.
In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.
All documents, records, data, apparatus, equipment and other physical property, whether or not pertaining to Confidential Information, that are furnished to the Employee by the Employer or its Affiliates or are produced by the Employee in connection with the Employee’s employment will be and remain the sole property of the Employer and its Affiliates. The Employee shall return to the Employer all such materials and property as and when requested by the Employer. In any event, the Employee shall return all such materials and property immediately upon termination of the Employee’s employment for any reason. The Employee shall not retain any such material or property or any copies thereof after such termination. It is specifically agreed that any documents, card files, notebooks, programs, or similar items containing customer or patient information are the property of the Employer and its Affiliates regardless of by whom they were compiled.
Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives to the extent such parties require such information in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.1.1 or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. In addition, each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and the information about this Agreement to service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
Except as otherwise set forth in Section 5.6 hereof, any dispute or controversy between the Company and the Executive, whether arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the breach of this Agreement, or otherwise, shall be settled by arbitration in Hamilton, Bermuda under the provisions of the Bermuda International Conciliation and Arbitration Act 1993, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award any remedy or relief that a court of competent jurisdiction could order or grant, including, without limitation, the issuance of an injunction. However, either party may, without inconsistency with this arbitration provision, apply to any court having jurisdiction over such dispute or controversy and seek interim provisional, injunctive or other equitable relief until the arbitration award is rendered or the controversy is otherwise resolved. Except as necessary in court proceedings to enforce this arbitration provision or an award rendered hereunder, or to obtain interim relief, neither a party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company and the Executive. The Executive shall have no right to enforce any of the Executive’s rights hereunder by seeking or obtaining injunctive or other equitable relief and acknowledges that damages are an adequate remedy for any breach by the Company of this Agreement.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $3,000,000 in principal amount of the Notes. In addition, for each one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) invested by a Purchaser, the Purchaser shall receive two detachable Warrants each of which are exercisable for one hundred (100) shares of Common Stock. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to its Subscription Amount and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Note and Warrants, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of SRFF or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
The provisions of Section 5.1(l) of the Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Deed of Trust to the same extent and with the same force as if fully set forth herein.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person), the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and/or the Advances owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under ‎Section 8.05 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s).
Where any right, determination or other decision of Licensor (or its Designee) is granted, required, authorized or otherwise permitted under this Exhibit D , Licensor (or its Designee) shall have the right to exercise such right, make such determination or decide such matter in its sole and absolute discretion.  For the avoidance of doubt, no exercise by Licensor (or its Designee) of the Purchase Right with respect to a default (or subsequent abandonment thereof) shall waive or be deemed to waive any further exercise by Licensor of its rights under Section 15.4.5 of the Agreement in respect of any other default by Licensee or any exercise by Licensor of its rights under any other provision of Section 15.4 of the Agreement in respect of the default that resulted in Licensor’s exercise of the Purchase Right.
On the Closing Restatement Effective Date, (i) after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions and any rights of contribution, the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, are and shall be Solvent and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received the Solvency Certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower and Holdings.
Executive shall be entitled to participate in benefits under the Company’s benefit plans and arrangements, including, without limitation, any employee benefit plan or arrangement made available in the future by the Company to its senior executives, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall administration of such plans and arrangements. The Company shall have the right to amend or delete any such benefit plan or arrangement made available by the Company to its senior executives and not otherwise specifically provided for herein. Executive shall also be entitled to such supplemental benefits as are agreed upon by Executive and the Company from time to time.
The Purchaser has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party by the Purchaser and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized and approved by all necessary board and stockholder action on the part of the Purchaser and to the extent required, any Affiliate of the Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and, assuming that this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligations of the other parties thereto, constitutes the valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, (a) conflict with any of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or any other organizational document of the Purchaser, as amended, (b) require any consent, approval or authorization of, declaration or filing with, notice to, or action by, any Person under, conflict with, result in a breach of or default under (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) or cause or permit termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit under, any written Contract or plans to which the Purchaser is a party or by which the Purchaser or any of its assets is bound or subject or (c) contravene any domestic or foreign Law or any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award currently in effect, which, in the case of clauses (b)  and (c)  above, would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by original, facsimile or email signature. All executed counterparts shall constitute one Agreement not withstanding that all signatories are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart. Facsimile and scanned signatures are considered original signatures.
Employer shall pay or reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses directly incurred by Executive in the course of Executive’s employment by Employer in accordance with Employer’s standard policies and practices as in effect from time to time. All reimbursements under this Section 1(b)(iv) shall be made as soon as practicable following submission of a reimbursement request, but no later than the end of the calendar quarter following the month during which the underlying expense was incurred. No right of Executive to reimbursement of expenses under this Agreement shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
Unless this Agreement is terminated under Section 8, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Buyers contained in Sections 2 and 3, and the agreements and covenants set forth in Sections 4, 5 and 9 shall survive the Closing. Each Buyer shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.
Notices under this Note must be in writing and must be mailed by United States mail, certified mail with return receipt requested, duly addressed, with postage prepaid, to the party involved at its respective address set forth herein or at such other address as each party may provide by notice to the other from time to time. Notices will be effective when deposited. Each party will promptly notify the other of any change in that party's address.
This Guaranty hereby replaces in its entirety, that certain Amendment and Restatement of Continuing Agreement of Guaranty and Suretyship dated as of December 19, 2013, given by the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent (as thereafter amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, the “ Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement ”), and the Guarantors acknowledge and agree that further amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement by this Guaranty is not intended to constitute, nor does it constitute, a novation, interruption, suspension of continuity, satisfaction, discharge or termination of the obligations, liabilities, or indebtedness under the Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement and this Guaranty is entitled to all rights and benefits originally pertaining to the Guaranty Agreement, as such rights and benefits may have been amended pursuant to the terms of this Guaranty.
This Agreement and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the United States and the State of California, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction).
Executive agrees that Executive will, at any future time, be available upon reasonable notice from the Company, with or without a subpoena, to be interviewed, review documents or things, give depositions, testify, or engage in other reasonable activities, with respect to matters and/or disputes concerning which Executive has or may have knowledge as a result of or in connection with Executive’s employment by the Company. In performing Executive’s obligations under this Section 9 to testify or otherwise provide information, Executive will honestly, truthfully, forthrightly, and completely provide the information requested. Executive will comply with this Agreement upon notice from the Company that the Company or its attorneys believe that Executive’s compliance will assist in the resolution of an investigation or the prosecution or defense of claims. Executive understands and agrees that the Company’s obligations under Section 4 of this Agreement are contingent upon Executive cooperating with the Company in investigations and litigation. From and after the Resignation Date, the Company agrees to pay Executive not less than $400 per hour or $2,500 per day if at least four hours of time are required for time spent by Executive in performing Executive’s obligations under this Section 9 and to reimburse Executive for all reasonable, out-of-pocket travel and other pre-approved expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by Executive in connection with Executive performing his obligations under this Section 9; provided, however, that the investigation or claim does not involve any alleged wrongdoing by Executive. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, any such request of the Executive to perform Executive’s obligations under this Section 9 will be reasonable and recognize that Executive is not a full-time or other employee with the Company and that Executive may be employed elsewhere or have other time commitments that may limit his ability to perform his obligations under this Section 9.
All expenses and liabilities incurred by the Committee in the administration and interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be borne by the Company.  The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, or other persons in connection with the administration and interpretation of the Plan, and the Company, and its officers and directors, shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions, and valuations of any such persons.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of Property or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate (other than the Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Guarantors), unless such transactions are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement and are upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to it than it would obtain in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate; provided, however, that this Section 9.14 shall not be applicable to (i) any Permitted PEI Payments and (ii) any Permitted Tax Distributions to the extent permitted by Section 9.04(a).
This Agreement shall be effective as of January 8, 2016, and shall continue in full force and effect until such time as all of Borrower's Loans in favor of Lender have been paid in full, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys' fees, and other fees and charges, or until such time as the parties may agree in writing to terminate this Agreement.
All negotiations relative to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been carried out by Purchaser directly with Seller without the intervention of any Person on behalf of Purchaser in such manner as to give rise to any valid claim by any Person for a finder’s fee, brokerage commission or similar payment.
Use the proceeds of the Revolving Facility Loans and the Swingline Loans and request issuance of Letters of Credit for general corporate purposes.
The Holder represents that, during the Initial Period and the Valuation Period, neither it nor any of its partners, directors, officers, representatives, managed accounts and Affiliates will purchase or sell any shares of Common Stock or enter into or engage in any short sale or purchase, sale or grant of any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or other similar right (including, without limitation, any put or call option or swap transaction) with respect to or having any measurement relating to Common Stock.
The Plan does not constitute a contract of employment, and selection as a Participant will not give any employee the right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary.  The Plan does not constitute or serve as evidence of an agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Company will retain a director for any period of time.  Subject to the provisions of paragraph IV.3(a), no award under the Plan shall confer upon the holder thereof any right as a stockholder of the Company prior to the date on which he fulfills all service requirements and other conditions for receipt of shares of Stock.  If the redistribution of shares is restricted pursuant to paragraph I.8, certificates representing such shares may bear a legend referring to such restrictions.
Such Credit Party will comply (and the Borrower will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to comply) with all laws, rules, regulations and orders, and all applicable restrictions imposed by all Governmental Authorities, applicable to it and its property if noncompliance with any such law, rule, regulation, order or restriction would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each Grantor (other than Parent) agrees that, should it after the Closing Date acquire, or become the exclusive licensee of, or file an application for the registration of any Registered Intellectual Property included in the Collateral (the “ After-Acquired Intellectual Property ”), (i) the provisions of Section 3 shall automatically apply thereto, (ii) any such After-Acquired Intellectual Property shall automatically become part of the Intellectual Property Collateral, and (iii) no later than the next date of delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 7.1(a) of the Credit Agreement thereafter covering a period that includes the date on which such After-Acquired Intellectual Property is acquired or licensed or such application is filed, as the case may be (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), such Grantor shall (A) report such acquisition, license or filing to the Administrative Agent in accordance with and to the extent required by Section 7.10(c) of the Credit Agreement and (B) upon request of the Administrative Agent, subject to Section 7.10(c) of the Credit Agreement and Sections 3(b) and 3(c) hereof, execute and deliver, and have recorded with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement (or an amendment to any previously executed and filed Intellectual Property Security Agreement) with respect to such After-Acquired Intellectual Property, and any and all other agreements, instruments, documents, and papers as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to evidence the Secured Parties’ security interest in any such After-Acquired Intellectual Property.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Any party may execute this Agreement by facsimile or .pdf signature and the other party shall be entitled to rely on such facsimile or .pdf signature as evidence that this Agreement has been duly executed by such party.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered in, and shall be interpreted, construed, and enforced under the laws of, the State of Texas, without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles.  Consultant knowingly and intentionally consents to jurisdiction in Dallas County, Texas.  With respect to any dispute between Consultant and the Company arising out of or in any way related to this Agreement, Consultant agreed to resolve such dispute(s) before a judge without a jury.   Consultant has knowledge of this policy, and continues to work for the Company thereafter, hereby Waiving Consultant’s right to trial by jury and agrees to have any dispute(s) arising between the Company and Consultant arising out of or in any way related to this Agreement resolved by a Judge of a competent court in Dallas County, Texas, sitting without a Jury.
Seller [REDACTED] understands and agrees that the restrictions contained in Sections 13 and 14 of this Agreement may limit his ability to engage in certain businesses within the restricted area during the period provided for herein, but acknowledges that he will receive sufficiently high remuneration and certain other benefits under this Agreement to justify such restriction.  Seller [REDACTED] acknowledges that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for his breach of either of Sections 13 or 14 , and Seller [REDACTED] agrees that either or both of Citiwaste and Purchaser shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of Sections 13 and 14 by specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach, without any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedies.  Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of Sections 13 and 14 , but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity to either of Citiwaste or Purchaser, including, without limitation, the recovery of damages from Seller [REDACTED].
The Plan and this Agreement (including all exhibits and appendices hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Nonetheless, the Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant’s participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control.
Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings provided to such terms in the Loan Agreement (including as amended by this Amendment).
(a) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Pledgor, or its properties, in the courts of any jurisdiction.
Business Associate agrees to make its internal practices, books, and records relating to the use and disclosure of Protected Health Information received from, or created or received by Business Associate on behalf of, Covered Entity available to the Covered Entity, or to the Secretary, in a time and manner designated by the Covered Entity or designated by the Secretary, for purposes of the Secretary determining compliance with the HIPAA Regulations.
The Plan and this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement with respect to the subject matter thereof and hereof, provided that in the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall control.
The target amount of Performance-Based Shares under this Award is ______________ (_____________) Performance-Based Shares (the “ Target Performance-Based Shares ”). Provided that (y) the Company’s three-year average ROIC for the Measurement Period equals or exceeds the threshold percentage as shown on the table set forth on the execution page hereof (the “ Execution Page ”), and (z) the Grantee is employed by the Company or an Affiliate on the date of filing of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”) for the Company’s fiscal year ending March 2, 2019, and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, the restrictions on the Performance-Based Shares covered by this Award shall lapse and such shares shall vest over a range from 50% to 200% of the Target Performance-Based Shares as shown on the table set forth on the Execution Page.  Any fractional shares created by such vesting will be rounded down to the nearest whole share.
Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is otherwise unchanged. The Purchase Agreement shall, together with the amendments thereto set forth in this Amendment, be read as a single document. This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” signature page were an original thereof.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Holder of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any Registration Statement filed hereunder, and each of such Holder's officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, legal counsel and accountants, and each person, if any, who controls each of the foregoing within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act, as amended, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys' fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever incurred by the indemnified party in any action or proceeding between the indemnitor and indemnified party or between the indemnified party and any third party or otherwise) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") or any other statute or at common law or otherwise under laws of foreign countries, arising from such Registration Statement or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) any preliminary prospectus, registration statement or prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (B) in any post-effective amendment or amendments or any new registration statement and prospectus in which is included the Registrable Securities; or (C) any application or other document or written communication (collectively called "application") executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Registrable Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the commission, any state securities commission or agency, Nasdaq or any securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; unless such statement or omission is made in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Holders expressly for use in a preliminary prospectus, registration statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or in any application, as the case may be. The Company agrees promptly to notify the holders of the Registrable Securities of the commencement of any litigation proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or controlling persons in connection with the issue and sale or resale of the Registrable Securities or in connection with any such registration statement or prospectus.
Unless specifically provided or stated herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter; provided, however , that this Agreement shall not effect the terms and conditions of the cash awards granted pursuant the PICP. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the parties specifically acknowledge that this Agreement supersedes any agreements the Executive had with the Company and any of its affiliates or predecessors relating to the subject matter hereof (including, without limitation, the Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2014, by and between Performance Technologies, LLC and the Executive). The parties mutually agree that the Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.
This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto) and   the other agreements to be delivered in connection with the Transactions represent the   entire agreement between the parties hereto and supersedes all other prior agreements,   understandings, negotiations, oral or written, between the parties concerning the   subject matter hereof. The exhibits and schedules referenced in this Agreement   constitute an integral part of this Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference   and made a part hereof.
EACH BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.
To induce Administrative Agent and the Lenders to execute and deliver this Agreement, Borrower represents and warrants that (a) Borrower is the lawful owner of good and indefeasible title to the Property; (b)  the Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party and this Agreement constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium and other laws applicable to creditors’ rights or the collection of debtors’ obligations generally; (c) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Borrower do not contravene, result in a breach of or constitute a default under any deed of trust, deed to secure debt, mortgage, loan agreement, indenture or other contract, agreement or undertaking to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower or any of its properties may be bound (nor would such execution and delivery constitute such a default with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both) and do not violate or contravene any law, order, decree, rule or regulation to which Borrower is subject; (d) to the best of Borrower’s knowledge there exists no uncured default under the Loan Documents; (e) Borrower has no offsets, claims or defenses under or otherwise with respect to the Loan Documents; and (f) there have been no changes in direct or indirect ownership interests in Borrower, and no amendments or modifications to the operating agreements, partnership agreements, certificates of formation, articles of organization or other governing agreement, as applicable, of Borrower, Borrower’s members, or the partners or members of Borrower’s members since the date of the closing of the Original Loan, in each case that would require the consent of or notice to Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, and Borrower is currently duly organized and legally existing under the laws of its state of organization and is qualified to do business in the state where the Property is located. Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold Lender Parties harmless against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees actually incurred) incurred as a result of any representation or warranty made by Borrower herein proving to be untrue in any material respect.
The General Partner may, at any time and from time to time, determine that the Partnership requires additional funds (“ Additional Funds ”) for the acquisition or development of additional Properties, for the redemption of Partnership Units or for such other purposes as the General Partner may determine in its sole and absolute discretion.  Additional Funds may be obtained by the Partnership, at the election of the General Partner, in any manner provided in, and in accordance with, the terms of this Section 4.3 without the approval of any Limited Partners.
The Guarantor agrees that, as between the Guarantor and the Secured Parties, the obligations of the Issuer under the Note Agreement may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Paragraph 7A of the Note Agreement (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in clause (viii), (ix) or (x) of said Paragraph 7A) for purposes of the guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against the Issuer and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations’ being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by the Issuer) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantor for purposes hereof.
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit (other than an automatic renewal permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section), the applicable Borrower shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit by electronic communication of a “pdf” or similar copy, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the recipient) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to enable the applicable Issuing Bank to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the applicable Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any such request. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, (i) the LC Exposure will not exceed US$25,000,000, (ii) the portion of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank will not exceed the LC Commitment of such Issuing Bank, (iii) no Lender will have a Revolving Exposure greater than its Commitment, (iv) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure will not exceed the lesser of the Aggregate Commitment then in effect and the Aggregate Borrowing Base then in effect and (v) the U.S. Revolving Exposure will not exceed the U.S. Borrowing Base then in effect. The Company may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the LC Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank; provided that the Company shall not reduce the LC Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect to such reduction, the conditions set forth in clause (ii) above shall not be satisfied. Each Issuing Bank agrees that it shall not permit any issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit to occur unless it shall have given to the Administrative Agent written notice thereof required under paragraph (l) of this Section.
Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Exhibit O, each notice or other communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon the Administrative Agent’s (or its delegate’s) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice or communication; provided that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business Day.
This Agreement cannot be changed, modified, extended or terminated except upon written amendment executed by the Executive and the Company.
The Executive agrees to cooperate, at the request and expense of the Company, in the prosecution and/or defense of any claim or litigation in which the Company or any affiliate is involved on the Termination Date or thereafter that includes subject matter as to which the Executive has knowledge and/or expertise.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such State.
No failure or delay on the part of any Party in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of the Parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies which they would otherwise have hereunder.  No provision of this Agreement may be waived except pursuant to a writing executed by the waiving Party.
Unless specifically provided in this Agreement, all approvals or consents which are required hereunder shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
The Executive’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or any other provision thereof.
Any notice required or contemplated by this Warrant shall be deemed to have been duly given if transmitted by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or nationally recognized overnight delivery service, to the Company at its principal executive offices, or to the Holder at the name and address set forth in the Warrant Register maintained by the Company.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original for all purposes, but all of which taken together shall constitute only one agreement.  This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories.
Subtenant and Sublandlord further covenant to indemnify, hold harmless and waive rights of recovery against the other to the same extent that Sublandlord and Master Landlord agreed to under Section 10.1 of the Master Lease.
The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.
Executive will receive paid vacation of 3 weeks per fiscal year. Beginning with 2016, any unused vacation for a given calendar year shall accrue, and the aggregate value of any unused accrued vacation shall be paid to Executive upon the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company, provided that Executive has submitted a report to the Committee within 30 days following the end of each calendar year reporting on the number of accrued and unused vacation days for such year and the total number of accrued but unused vacation days for all prior years.
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to act on its behalf as the Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders, and neither the Company nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
PhotoMedex acknowledges that GlobalMed’s success after the Closing Date depends upon the continued preservation of the confidentiality of certain information possessed by PhotoMedex and that the preservation of the confidentiality of such information is an essential premise of the bargain between the parties. Accordingly, PhotoMedex will not use any confidential or proprietary information involving or relating to the Assets except for the benefit of GlobalMed.
(a) (i) The fair value of the assets of Holdings, the Borrower and the subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed the debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, of Holdings, the Borrower and the subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of Holdings, the Borrower and the subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of Holdings, the Borrower and the subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively, on their debts and other liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) Holdings, the Borrower and the subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) Holdings, the Borrower and the subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as such businesses are now conducted and are proposed to be conducted.
This Eleventh Amendment (including, but not limited to, the validity and enforceability hereof) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas.
Executive shall receive a base salary at the rate of six hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($625,000) per year ( “ Base Salary ” ), less required tax withholdings, payable in accordance with the Company’s regular payroll schedule. Executive’s Base Salary shall be reviewed from time to time.
The Company and its Significant Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to them and their respective businesses, except where the failure to so comply individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before February 1, 2016; provided , however , that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
The Company shall pay Executive a Base Salary at an annualized rate of not less than $1,060,000 subject to increase, if any, as may be approved in writing by the Compensation Committee, but not to decrease from the then-current Base Salary. Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the regular payroll procedures of the Company.
Any payment to any Participant or Beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of the Plan shall, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Company, the Committee, the Plan Administrator and the trustee of the Trust under the Plan, and the Committee may require such Participant or Beneficiary, as a condition precedent to such payment pursuant to the Plan, to execute a receipt and release to such effect on or before the date on which the payment is payable pursuant to this Plan.
To the fullest extent permitted by law and the Company’s articles of incorporation and bylaws, the Company hereby indemnifies Executive and holds him harmless from the Effective Date, through the Term, and after the period of Executive’s employment hereunder, from and against all loss, costs, damages, and expenses including, without limitation, legal expenses of counsel (which expenses the Company will, to the extent so permitted, advance to Executive as the same are incurred) arising out of or in connection with the fact that Executive are or was a director, officer, attorney, employee, or agent of the Company or serving in such capacity for another corporation at the request of the Company.  This indemnification is in addition to that provided in the Company’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
Company will timely file a current report on Form 8-K (“ Current Report ”) by 8:30 am Eastern time on the Trading Day after the Effective Date describing the material terms and conditions of this Agreement, a copy of which has been provided to Investor prior to the Effective Date. All information that Company has provided to Investor t hat constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information will be included in the Current Report. Notwithstanding any other provision, except for information that will be included in the Current Report, (a) neither Company nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided Investor or its representatives, agents or attorneys with any information that constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, including without limitation this Agreement and the Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules hereto, (b) no information contained in the Disclosure Schedules constitutes material non-public information and (c) there is no adverse material information regarding Company that has not been publicly disclosed prior to the Effective Date. Company understands and confirms that Investor will rely on the foregoing representations and covenants in effecting transactions in securities of Company. All disclosure provided to Investor regarding Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation the Disclosure Schedules, furnished by or on behalf of Company with respect to the representations and warranties made herein are true and correct in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading .
This Security Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Security Agreement on any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.  A set of the copies of this Security Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Collateral Agent and Holdings.
Each capitalized term which is defined in the Hedging Agreement, but which is not defined in this Agreement, shall have the meaning ascribed such term in the Hedging Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all section references in this Agreement refer to the Hedging Agreement.
This Amendment, together with the Agreement, contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements between them concerning the subject matter of this Amendment.
The Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Parent or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Parent and its wholly owned Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.05 and (e) payment of management or advisory fees permitted by Section 6.10 .
The Parent Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries owns, or has the legal right to use, all United States and foreign patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, trade names, copyrights, technology, know-how and processes necessary for each of them to conduct its business as currently conducted (the “ Intellectual Property ”) except for those the failure to own or have such legal right to use would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as provided on Schedule 5.9 , no claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person against the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries challenging or questioning the use of any such Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any such Intellectual Property, nor does the Parent Borrower know of any such claim, and, to the knowledge of the Parent Borrower, the use of such Intellectual Property by the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries does not infringe on the rights of any Person, except for such claims and infringements which in the aggregate, would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent either (A) a counterpart of the Amendment and Restatement Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of the Amendment and Restatement Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, (ii) either (A) a counterpart of each other Loan Document signed on behalf of each party thereto or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page thereof) that each such party has signed a counterpart of such Loan Document and (iii) such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(f) payable to each such requesting Lender and a written opinion of the Loan Parties’ counsel, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in substantially the form of Exhibit B , all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit E .
(a) The Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 4.15 constitute all the Subsidiaries of the Borrower at the date hereof and each Material Subsidiary is indicated by an asterisk on Schedule 4.15. Schedule 4.15 sets forth as of the date hereof the name and jurisdiction of incorporation of each Subsidiary and, as to each Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by the Borrower.
The Company shall employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for the period beginning on the Effective Date and automatically ending on the December 31, 2018, provided , however , that Executive may resign as an employee of the Company at any time and for any or no reason and the Company may terminate Executive’s employment at any time and for any reason or no reason.
PSPC has kept all books and records since inception and such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“ GAAP ”) consistently applied throughout the periods involved. The balance sheets are true and accurate and present fairly as of their respective dates the financial condition of PSPC. As of the date of such balance sheets, except as and to the extent reflected or reserved against therein, including but not limited to any previous tax liability PSPC had no liabilities or obligations (absolute or contingent) which should be reflected in the balance sheets or the notes thereto prepared in accordance with GAAP, and all assets reflected therein are properly reported and present fairly the value of the assets of PSPC, in accordance with GAAP. The statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows reflect fairly the information required to be set forth therein by GAAP.
All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be for the benefit of the respective parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the expiration or other termination of this Agreement.
The Corporation shall pay, or reimburse you for, all administrative fees and costs, and all arbitrator’s fees and expenses incurred by you in connection with any Dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement. Any reimbursements payable to you pursuant to this Section 10(iii) shall be paid to you no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the cost was incurred. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and your right to reimbursement under this Section 10(iii) will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
On the Closing Date, Seller and Purchaser shall each deliver to the other party hereto a duly executed bill of sale and assignment in form and substance acceptable to Purchaser in its sole discretion and evidencing the sale and assignment to Purchaser of the Purchased Receivables (the “ Bill of Sale ”).
The Committee will make available for inspection by any Participant a copy of this Plan and any rules and regulations used by the Committee in administering this Plan.
In the case of a Third Party Claim or demand, other than Patent Claims which are subject to the procedures set forth in Section 13.3, (“ Third Party Claim ”) made by any Person who is not a Party of this Agreement (or an Affiliate thereof) as to which a Party (the “ Indemnitor ”) may be obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, such Party seeking indemnification hereunder (“ Indemnitee ”) will notify the Indemnitor in writing of the Third Party Claim (and specifying in reasonable detail the factual basis for the Third Party Claim and including, to the extent known, the amount of the Third Party Claim) reasonably promptly after becoming aware of such Third Party Claim; provided, however, that failure to give such notification will not affect the indemnification provided hereunder except to the extent the Indemnitor shall have been actually materially prejudiced as a result of such failure.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to obtain, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, authorizations and franchises material to the conduct of its business, except (other than with respect to the Borrower) to the extent that failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 7.03.
This Guaranty, the Merger Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matters hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matters.
If any amount or benefit to be paid or provided under this Agreement or otherwise pursuant to or by reason of any other agreement, policy, plan, program or arrangement, including without limitation any stock option, performance share, performance unit, stock appreciation right or similar right, or the lapse or termination of any restriction on or the vesting or exercisability of any of the foregoing would be an “Excess Parachute Payment” within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (or any successor provision thereto), but for the application of this sentence, then the payments and benefits to be paid or provided under this Agreement or otherwise shall be reduced to the minimum extent necessary (but in no event to less than zero) so that no portion of any such payment or benefit, as so reduced, constitutes an Excess Parachute Payment; provided, however, that the foregoing reduction shall be made only if and to the extent that such reduction would result in an increase in the aggregate payments and benefits to be provided, determined on an after-tax basis (taking into account the excise tax imposed pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, any tax imposed by a comparable provision of state law, and any applicable federal, state and local income taxes (“Excise Tax”)). The determination of whether any reduction in such payments or benefits to be provided under this Agreement or otherwise is required pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be made by an independent accounting firm selected by the Company (the “Accounting Firm”), which Accounting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within 15 business days of the Termination Date or such earlier time as is requested by the Company and, if requested by the Executive, an opinion that he has substantial authority not to report any Excise Tax on the Executive’s Federal income tax return with respect to the Excess Parachute Payments. Any such determination by the Accounting Firm will be binding upon the Company and the Executive. The fact that the Executive’s right to payments or benefits may be reduced by reason of the limitations contained in this Section 5 shall not of itself limit or otherwise affect any other rights of the Executive. In the event that any payment or benefit intended to be provided under this Agreement or otherwise is required to be reduced pursuant to this Section 5, the Company shall reduce the Executive’s payments and/or benefits, to the extent required, in the following order: (i) the lump sum payment described in paragraph (1) of Annex A; (ii) the lump sum payment described in Section 4(c) of this Agreement; (iii) the benefits described in Paragraph (5) of Annex A; (v) the benefits described in Paragraph (2) of Annex A; and (vi) the accelerated vesting of long-term and equity or equity-based awards (if any) described in Paragraph (3) of Annex A.
You will be provided with information regarding Boston Scientific's current benefit programs following your acceptance of this offer.  You should review this information prior to your start date so you are prepared to enroll within your first 31 days of employment.  Boston Scientific reserves the right to change and/or terminate any aspect of our benefit offerings, including employee contributions toward benefits.
Intrexon shall have executed and delivered the Amendments, and the Amendments shall be in full force and effect.
In the event of (a) any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, rights, offering, extraordinary dividend (including a spin-off) or other similar change affecting the Company’s common stock; (b) any purchase, acquisition, sale or disposition of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business, or of a significant business; (c) any change resulting from the accounting effects of discontinued operations, extraordinary income or loss, changes in accounting as determined under generally accepted accounting principles or restatement of earnings; or (d) any charge or credit resulting from an item which is classified as “non-recurring,” “restructuring” or similar unusual item on the Company’s audited financial statements which, in the case of (a) – (d), results in a change in the components of the calculations of any of the criteria upon which the Performance Goals are based, as established by the Committee, in each case with respect to the Company or any other entity whose performance is relevant to the achievement of any Performance Goal included in an Award, the Committee shall, without the consent of any affected Participant, amend or modify the terms of any outstanding Award that includes any Performance Goal based in whole or in part on the financial performance of the Company (or any Subsidiary or division thereof) or such other entity so as equitably to reflect such event or events, such that the criteria for evaluating such financial performance of the Company or such other entity (and the achievement of the corresponding Performance Goal) will be substantially the same (as determined by the Committee or the committee of the board of directors of the surviving corporation) following such event as prior to such event; provided , however , that the Committee shall not take any action pursuant to this Section which would constitute an impermissible exercise of discretion pursuant to Code Section 162(m).
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
The Section headings appearing in this Agreement are for purposes of easy reference and shall not be considered a part of this Agreement or in any way modify, amend or affect its provisions.
(a) Unless otherwise defined herein, terms which are defined in the Repurchase Agreement and used herein are so used as so defined.
The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided , that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if (i) such approval is necessary to comply with any regulatory requirement applicable to the Plan (including, without limitation, as necessary to comply with any rules or regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company may be listed or quoted) or for changes in GAAP to new accounting standards; (ii) it would materially increase the number of securities which may be issued under the Plan (except for increases pursuant to Section 5 or 12 of the Plan); or (iii) it would materially modify the requirements for participation in the Plan; provided, further , that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment shall be made to the last proviso of Section 13(b) of the Plan without stockholder approval.
Each of Borrower and each Individual Owner is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing with full power and authority to own its assets and conduct its business, and is duly qualified and in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, and Borrower has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by it, and has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of Borrower and each Individual Owner is, and at all times since the date of its formation has been (but only to the extent that the applicable requirements set forth in Schedule V speak of a time prior to the Closing Date), a Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity. Borrower has provided Lender with true, correct and complete copies of Borrower’s and each Individual Owner’s current (and since the date of its inception) organizational documents.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of ADI, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against ADI or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) could reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated on a Purchaser-by-Purchaser basis (i) by mutual consent between the Company and such Purchaser evidenced in writing and (ii) by such Purchaser or the Company if the Closing does not occur on or before August 1, 2016, provided that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall not have breached in any material respects its representations, warranties or covenants set forth in this Agreement.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to the Company, to Microphase Corporation, 100 Trap Falls Road Ext, Shelton, CT 06484 Attn: James Ashman, with a copy by fax only to (which shall not constitute notice) Lucosky Brookman LLP, 101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor, Iselin, NJ 08830, Attn: Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq., facsimile: (732) 395-4401, and (ii) if to the Holder, to the address and facsimile number listed on the first paragraph of this Warrant.
The Transactions (a) do not require the Borrower or any Subsidiary to obtain any consent or approval of, or make any registration or filing with, or request any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect (except for any reports required to be filed by the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (b) will not result in a violation by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their respective assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent that a Material Adverse Effect would not reasonably be expected to result therefrom, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
The Company agrees that except in connection with a registration statement or statements regarding the Subscriber’s Units or in correspondence with the Commission regarding same, it will not disclose publicly or privately the identity of the Subscriber unless expressly agreed to in writing by a Subscriber or only to the extent required by law and then only upon not less than three days prior notice to Subscriber.
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings required to be made with any market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (B) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of printing prospectuses if the printing of prospectuses is reasonably requested by the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. The Company shall reimburse a Holder’s reasonable legal fees in connection with a successful enforcement of its rights hereunder.
During the Term, the Executive shall serve as the Vice President, Managed Care & Trade Relations of the Company, and shall perform the executive and administrative duties, functions and privileges incumbent with such position and such other duties as reasonably determined and assigned by the Chief Commercial Officer of the Company, from time to time. The Executive shall devote substantially all of his time, attention and skill to such duties, except for paid vacation and other excused absence periods, and shall serve the Company faithfully and to the best of his ability, and shall use his best efforts to promote the success of the business of the Company. The Executive’s employment is subject to compliance with the Company’s policies, including any code of conduct, all as may be amended from time to time.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal substantive laws of Ohio, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.
Executive recognizes and acknowledges that the Proprietary Information (as defined below) is a valuable, special and unique asset of the business of the Company. As a result, both during the Term and thereafter, Executive will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, for any reason divulge to any third-party or use for his/her own benefit, or for any purpose other than the exclusive benefit of the Company, any Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive is compelled to disclose Proprietary Information by court order or other legal process, to the extent permitted by applicable law, he shall promptly so notify the Company so that it may seek a protective order or other assurance that confidential treatment of such Proprietary Information shall be afforded, and Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in connection therewith. If Executive is so obligated by court order or other legal process to disclose Proprietary Information, Executive will disclose only the minimum amount of such Proprietary Information as is necessary for Executive to comply with such court order or other legal process.
ArchCo irrevocably grants, bargains, sells, assigns and otherwise transfers and delivers to BRAM, and its successors and assigns, all rights and obligations of Purchaser under the Purchase Agreement excluding only representations and warranties made by Purchaser under the Purchase Agreement to the extent made as of the Agreement Date (the “Assumed Rights and Obligations”).
The remedies provided for herein are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.  Seller agrees to pay to Buyer reasonable attorneys’ fees and reasonable legal expenses incurred in enforcing Buyer’s rights, powers and remedies under this Agreement and each other Program Agreement.
The closing of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the " Closing ") shall be deemed to have occurred as of the Effective Date.
Any notice or document required to be filed with the Committee under the Plan will be properly filed if delivered or mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid, to the Committee, in care of Huron at its principal executive offices. The Committee may, by advance written notice to affected persons, revise such notice procedure from time to time. Any notice required under the Plan (other than exercise notice) may be waived by the person entitled to notice.
These LTIP Terms and Conditions, the LTIP Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof.
The proceeds of any Loan and any Letter of Credit will be used as set forth in Section 5.11. None of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that entails a violation (including on the part of any Lender) of any regulations of the Board, including Regulations U and X.
Interest on the 2016 Note, unpaid fees and other sums payable thereunder shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 thirty day months. Interest on the 2016 Note and any unpaid fees and other sums payable hereunder shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 thirty day months.
This Guarantee represents the entire agreement and understanding of this parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, representations, warranties, commitments, proposals, offers and contracts concerning the subject matter hereof, whether oral or written.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for its own account, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the period from the Effective Date to the tenth Business Day prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
The term of the Company commenced on the date the Articles were filed and shall continue as provided in Section 13.2, unless the Company is dissolved in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
Unclaimed amounts shall consist of the amounts of the Deferral Account of a Non-Employee Director that are not distributed because of the Administrator’s inability, after a reasonable search, to locate a Non-Employee Director or his Beneficiary, as applicable, within a period of two (2) years after the Distribution Date upon which the payment of any benefits becomes due. Unclaimed amounts shall be forfeited at the end of such two-year period. These forfeitures shall reduce the obligations of the Corporation under the Plan, and the Non-Employee Director or Beneficiary, as applicable, shall have no further right to his Deferral Account.
The proceeds of the Loans on the Closing Date were applied by the U.S. Borrower, (a) together with proceeds from the issuance of the 2022 Notes and cash on hand, to finance the Closing Date Transactions and (b) for working capital or other general corporate purposes. The proceeds of the Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, Letters of Credit and any loans under any Ancillary Facility made after the Closing Date shall be applied by the applicable Borrower for working capital or other general corporate purposes of the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including Permitted Acquisitions. The proceeds of the Term Loans borrowed on the Restatement Date shall be were used to finance the Restatement Transactions. The proceeds of the Term Loans borrowed on the Second Amendment Date shall be used to prepay all Tranche B Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the making of such Term Loans on the Second Amendment Date and to pay related fees, costs and expenses. The proceeds of the Incremental Term Loans shall be applied by the applicable Borrower for working capital or other general corporate purposes of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including Permitted Acquisitions. No portion of the proceeds of any Credit Extension shall be used in any manner that causes or might cause such Credit Extension or the application of such proceeds to violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board of Governors or any other regulation thereof or to violate the Exchange Act.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provision of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
The Loan Documents and the Environmental Indemnity are not subject to any right of rescission, set off, counterclaim or defense by Borrower or TRS Entity, including the defense of usury, nor would the operation of any of the terms of the Loan Documents or the Environmental Indemnity, or the exercise of any right thereunder, render the Loan Documents or the Environmental Indemnity unenforceable, and neither Borrower nor TRS Entity has asserted any right of rescission, set off, counterclaim or defense with respect thereto.
The Term of this Lease shall begin on the Lease Commencement Date and shall end on the Expiration Date unless terminated earlier or extended pursuant to the provisions of this Lease. Landlord shall deliver possession of the Premises to Tenant in the condition specified in Section 2.3 below. Landlord shall use commercially reasonably efforts to deliver the Premises on the Anticipated Delivery Date. If Landlord, for any reason whatsoever, cannot deliver to Tenant possession of the Premises in the condition specified in Section 2.3 below on or before the Anticipated Delivery Date, this Lease shall not be void or voidable for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter, and Landlord shall not be in default or liable to Tenant for any loss or damage resulting therefrom. If Landlord has not delivered the Premises to Tenant on or before the expiration of the one hundred eighty (180) day period following the Anticipated Delivery Date, then Tenant may terminate this Lease upon not less than ten (10) days’ prior written notice to Landlord, but in any event prior to delivery of the Premises.
At the request of the Collateral Agent, the Loan Parties will promptly deliver to the Collateral Agent modifications to Section III of the Perfection Certificate to include any Intellectual Property Collateral acquired or arising after the date hereof of such Grantor including, without limitation, any of the items listed in SECTION 6.5 hereof.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties concerning the termination of Mr. Brady’s employment and his service as a director or consultants to the Company and the Company Bank, and supersedes any other written or oral promises concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. No waiver or amendment of this Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing, refers to this Agreement, and is signed by the Parties.
No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Note or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by Borrower herefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Lender, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the parties hereto will, from time to time, do all acts and things and execute and deliver all such further documents and instruments, as the other parties hereto may, either before or after the Closing Date, reasonably require to effectively carry out or better evidence or perfect the full intent and meaning of this Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding between and among the parties and supersedes any prior understandings and agreements, including the December 11, 2015 Agreement, among them respecting the subject matter of this Agreement.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Plan Administrator, the members of the Investment Committee, and, if the Trustees are one or more individuals, the Trustees, and each officer and employee of an Employer to whom are delegated duties, responsibilities, and authority with respect to the Plan, from and against all claims, liabilities, fines and penalties, and all expenses reasonably incurred by or imposed upon him or her (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney fees) which arise as a result of his or her actions or failure to act in connection with the operation and administration of the Plan to the extent lawfully allowable and to the extent that such claim, liability, fine, penalty, or expense is not paid for by liability insurance purchased or paid for by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not indemnify any person for any such amount incurred through any settlement or compromise of any action unless the Company consents in writing to such settlement or compromise.
This Agreement and the Investor Agreement constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof or thereof existing among the parties are expressly canceled.
Tenant shall enjoy the tenancy of the Property subject to the provisions hereof, for a term commencing on the Lease Date (the “ Commencement Date ”), and ending at 11:59 p.m. on the day immediately preceding the expiration or termination of the initial term of the Ground Lease (the “ Expiration Date ”), subject to adjustment as provided in this Lease. For clarity, the Lease Date and the Commencement Date are the same date and such terms may be used herein interchangeably.
The Executive acknowledges and agrees that any breach by him of any of the provisions of this Section 9 (the “ Restrictive Covenants ”) would result in irreparable injury and damage for which money damages would not provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, if the Executive breaches or threatens to commit a breach of any of the provisions of Section 9, the Company shall have the ability to seek the following rights and remedies, each of which rights and remedies shall be independent of the other and severally enforceable, and all of which rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages): (i) the right and remedy to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need to prove damages) by any court having equity jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to an entry against the Executive of restraining orders and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, threatened or actual, and whether or not then continuing, of such covenants; and (ii) the right and remedy to require the Executive to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation, profits, monies, accruals, increments or other benefits (collectively, “ Benefits ”) derived or received by him as the result of any transactions constituting a breach of the Restrictive Covenants, and the Executive shall account for and pay over such Benefits to the Company and, if applicable, its affected subsidiaries and/or affiliates.  The Executive agrees that in any action seeking specific performance or other equitable relief, he will not assert or contend that any of the provisions of this Section 9 are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. Other than a material breach of this Agreement, the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants.
ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF COLORADO; PROVIDED THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE THE BANK FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF COLORADO FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION AS SET FORTH ABOVE. THE BORROWER FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, OR BY PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF COLORADO. THE BORROWER HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAlVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
Each of the consolidating (if requested) and consolidated audited balance sheet and the related statements of income, stockholder’s equity and cash flow of Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2008, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly the financial condition and results of operation and cash flows of Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of such date and for such period. The unaudited balance sheet and the related statements of income, stockholder’s equity and cash flow of each Credit Party as of and for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2009 and (in the case of Borrower) the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2008, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of such Credit Party as of such date and for such periods.
By execution hereof, Borrower and Guarantors certify that as of the date of this Amendment and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
This Agreement shall be binding upon any successor of the Company or the Partnership, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Plan.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes, including Acquisitions, dividends and repurchases of its Capital Stock if no Default or Unmatured Default exists or would be caused thereby. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, use any of the proceeds of the Advances to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. The Borrower will not request any Advance or Facility LC, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Advance or Facility LC (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, business or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or in a European Union member state, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
The Debtors shall provide draft copies of all “first day” motions, applications, and other documents that any Debtor intends to file with the Bankruptcy Court to counsel to the Restructuring Support Parties at least five (5) business days prior to the date when such Debtor intends to file such document. Counsel to the Restructuring Support Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide all comments to all such documents by no later than two (2) calendar days prior to the date when the Debtors intend to file such documents, and counsel to the respective Parties shall consult in good faith regarding the form and substance of any such proposed filing with the Bankruptcy Court. The Debtors will provide draft copies of all other material pleadings any Debtor intends to file with the Bankruptcy Court to counsel to the Restructuring Support Parties at least two (2) business days prior to filing such pleading to the extent practicable. Counsel to the Restructuring Support Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide all comments to such pleadings by no later than one (1) calendar day prior to the date when the Debtor intends to file such document, to the extent practicable, and counsel to the respective Parties shall consult in good faith regarding the form and substance of any such proposed pleading. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith the Definitive Documentation (including the Cash Collateral Orders) that is subject to negotiation and completion, consistent with Sub-Clause (b) of Section 3 hereof and that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Definitive Documentation, including any motions or orders related thereto, shall be consistent with this Agreement and otherwise shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Majority Restructuring Support Parties. The Debtors shall make reasonable best efforts to (i) provide to the Restructuring Support Parties’ advisors, and direct its employees, officers, advisors and other representatives to provide the Restructuring Support Parties’ advisors, (A) reasonable access (without any material disruption to the conduct of the Debtors’ businesses) during normal business hours to the Debtors’ books and records, (B) reasonable access to the management and advisors of the Debtors for the purposes of evaluating the Debtors’ assets, liabilities, operations, businesses, finances, strategies, prospects and affairs, and (C) timely and reasonable responses to all reasonable diligence requests; and (ii) promptly notify the Restructuring Support Parties of any governmental or third party litigations, investigations or hearings against, or communications with, any of the Debtors.
Borrower has (a) not entered into this transaction or executed the Note, this Agreement or any other Loan Documents with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any creditor and (b) received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its obligations under such Loan Documents. Giving effect to the Loan and the transactions contemplated by the Master Lease Documents, the fair saleable value of Borrower’s assets exceeds and will, immediately following the making of the Loan and the transactions contemplated by the Master Lease Documents, exceed Borrower’s total liabilities, including subordinated, unliquidated, disputed and contingent liabilities. The fair saleable value of Borrower’s assets is and will, immediately following the making of the Loan and the transactions contemplated by the Master Lease Documents, be greater than Borrower’s probable liabilities, including the probably maximum amount of its contingent liabilities on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured. Borrower’s assets do not and, immediately following the making of the Loan will not, constitute unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as conducted or as proposed to be conducted. Neither Borrower nor Master Tenant intends to, and does not believe that it will, incur debt and liabilities (including contingent liabilities and other commitments) beyond its ability to pay such debt and liabilities as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be received by Borrower or Master Tenant, respectively, and the amounts to be payable on or in respect of obligations of Borrower or Master Tenant, respectively, and the anticipated need to refinance the Loan in order to repay it on the Maturity Date). No petition in bankruptcy has been filed against Borrower, Master Tenant or any constituent Person of Borrower or Master Tenant in the last seven (7) years, and neither Borrower, Master Tenant nor any constituent Person in the last seven (7) years has ever made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or taken advantage of any insolvency act for the benefit of debtors. Neither Borrower, Master Tenant nor any of its constituent Persons are contemplating either the filing of a petition by it under any state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency laws or the liquidation of all or a major portion of Borrower’s or Master Tenant’s assets or property, and Borrower has no knowledge of any Person contemplating the filing of any such petition against it or Master Tenant, and the transactions contemplated by the Master Lease Documents or such constituent Persons.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES OF THE LAWS OF SUCH STATE THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SUCH STATE.
All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loan.
This agreement may be executed in one or more counter-parts, each of which so executed shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1(p) , as of the Agreement Date, no Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary of a Credit Party owns any registered Intellectual Property, and has no pending registration applications with respect to any of the foregoing. No other Intellectual Property is necessary for the operation of the business of the Credit Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1(p) , no material licenses or certifications are necessary for the operation of the Credit Parties’ and their Subsidiaries’ business.
There are no actions, investigations, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, at law, in equity or in arbitration, before any court, other Governmental Authority, arbitrator or other Person, (i) against or affecting any of the Restricted Parties or any of their respective properties that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) with respect to this Agreement, any of the other Credit Documents, any of the other Transaction Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (i) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the business, assets or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) for Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves. No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such Taxes, other than (x) liens or claims that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in material adverse effect on the business, assets or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (y) claims for Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves. Borrower is not resident for Tax purposes in any jurisdiction outside of the United States.
If any term or other provision of this letter is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party.
Any written notice under this Agreement shall be deemed given on the date that is three business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed either to the Participant at his address as indicated in the Company’s employment records or to the Company at its principal office.  Any notice may be sent using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, ordinary mail or electronic mail) but no such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it is actually received by the intended recipient.
The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and in the event of any ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation, no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
The Warrant Holders hereby represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) Warrant Holders has full and complete power, legal right and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its provisions; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Warrant Holders has been duly authorized by all necessary action, if any, on the part of Warrant Holders; and (c) the Warrant Holders is the legal, record and beneficial owner of the Warrants and the Warrants consist of all warrants to purchase capital stock of the Company held by the Warrant Holders.
The provisions of Article 8 of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement will apply with like effect to this Grantor Joinder Agreement.
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Credit Parties therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Lender and the applicable Credit Parties, as the case may be, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.
The Associate shall perform, for Benefitfocus, the duties set out in the attached Exhibit A entitled “Job Description,” which is incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement, along with those other duties as may be assigned to Associate from time to time by Benefitfocus’ Chief Executive Officer or their designee.
All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day or (c) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision to the contrary in the Registration Rights Agreement or the Restated Articles, the Company agrees that when any notice is given to GSK, whether under this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement or the Restated Articles, such notice shall not be deemed to be effectively given until a copy of such notice is transmitted to GSK via facsimile. All notices and certificates will be addressed to GSK at its address set forth on the signature page hereto or at such other address as the Company or GSK may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other parties hereto.
The grant by PFM to Array of the rights set forth in this Section 14.2 is conditioned upon the grant by Array of the indemnity set forth in Section 16.2 with respect to the Third Party Claims resulting from Array (or its designee’s) Development, registration and Commercialization of the Product in the PFM Territory following termination of this Agreement.
This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California , and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Option is made and/or to be performed.
This Lease shall be governed and construed under the laws of the State of Florida . All disputes arising, directly or indirectly, out of or relating to this Lease, and all actions to enforce this Lease, shall be dealt with and adjudicated in the state courts of the State of Florida located in Tampa, Florida or the federal courts for the Middle District of Florida ; and for that purpose Lessee expressly and irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. Lessee agrees that so far as is permitted under applicable law, this consent to personal jurisdiction shall be self-operative and no further instrument or action, other than service of process in one of the manners specified in this Lease, or as otherwise permitted by law, shall be necessary in order to confer jurisdiction upon it in any such court. Lessee further agrees that judgment against it in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, may be enforced in any other jurisdiction within or outside the United States of America by suit on the judgment, a certified or exemplified copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the fact and of the amount of its indebtedness.
Employee will not at any time publish or communicate disparaging or derogatory statements or opinions about the Company or its Affiliates, including but not limited to, disparaging or derogatory statements or opinions about the Company’s or its Affiliates’ management, products or services to any third party. It shall not be a breach of this Section 7(f) for Employee to testify truthfully in any judicial or administrative proceeding or to make statements or allegations as required by law or in legal filings, including, without limitation, any such filings made by Employee to enforce her rights against the Company or any of its affiliates, that are based on Employee’s reasonable belief and are not made in bad faith.
Each Service Agreement and these General Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Malaysia. The parties hereto consent to submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts of Malaysia for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to each any Service Agreement or these General Terms and Conditions.
The Committee shall have authority to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, to provide for conditions deemed necessary or advisable to protect the interests of the Company, to interpret the Plan and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration and interpretation of the Plan and to carry out its provisions and purposes.  Any determination, interpretation or other action made or taken (including any failure to make any determination or interpretation, or take any other action) by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, shall, to the greatest extent permitted by law, be within its sole and absolute discretion and shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons and shall be given deference in any proceeding with respect thereto.  The Committee may appoint accountants, actuaries, counsel, advisors and other persons that it deems necessary or desirable in connection with the administration of the Plan.  The Committee’s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and may be made by the Committee selectively among persons who receive, or are eligible to receive, Incentive Awards under the Plan, whether or not such persons are similarly situated.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, no member of the Committee shall be liable for any action taken or decision made in good faith relating to the Plan or any Incentive Award hereunder.
Borrower shall keep and maintain all Intellectual Property relating to the use or operation of each Individual Property and all Intellectual Property shall be held by and (if applicable) registered in the name of Borrower. Borrower shall not Transfer or let lapse any Intellectual Property without Lender’s prior consent.
This Agreement shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws.  The parties hereto agree that the state or federal courts located within The Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of this Agreement and hereby agree to submit to personal jurisdiction of such courts.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to its conflicts of laws principles.
No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement or rights hereunder shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof or right hereunder (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided. No course of dealing on the part of any Party or their respective officers, employees, agents, or representatives, nor any failure by a Party to exercise any of its rights under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof or affect in any way the right of such Party at a later time to enforce the performance of such provision. No waiver by any Party of any condition, or any breach of any term, covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach or a waiver of any other condition or of any breach of any other term, covenant, representation, or warranty. The rights of the Parties under this Agreement shall be cumulative, and the exercise or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude the exercise of any other right.
Any claim or dispute arising under this Agreement (other than under § 12) shall be subject to arbitration, and prior to commencing any court action, the parties agree that they shall arbitrate all such controversies. The arbitration shall be conducted in Atlanta, Georgia, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Rules of the American Arbitration Association and the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §1, et. seq. The arbitrator(s) shall be authorized to award both liquidated and actual damages, in addition to injunctive relief, but no punitive damages. The arbitrator(s) shall also award attorney’s fees and costs, without regard to any restriction on the amount of such award under Georgia or other applicable law. Such an award shall be binding and conclusive upon the parties hereto, subject to 9 U.S.C. §10. Each party shall have the right to have the award made the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
Notices shall be given under this Agreement in the manner set forth in the Loan Agreement.
An Eligible Participant must complete three Years of Service for vesting purposes (as such service is calculated under the Sub-Plan in which the Eligible Participant was eligible to accrue benefits as of December 31, 2014) in order to be vested in the Additional Account benefit.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, any Account Party may request the Issuing Lender to issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, Fronted Letters of Credit for its own account. Each Fronted Letter of Credit shall be in such form as is consistent with the requirements of the applicable regulatory authorities as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (in consultation with XL Group) or as otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent and XL Group. Fronted Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Commitments. Such Fronted Letters of Credit shall be denominated, at the relevant Account Party’s request, in Dollars or any Alternative Currency.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes, as approved by the Board of Directors. Any single expenditure by the Company, and any series of related expenditures by the Company, that exceeds $10,000 shall require the written approval of the Series D Designee.
Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential) to the extent used in connection with the administration of this Agreement, (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) during the existence of an Event of Default, in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives) to any swap, derivative or other similar transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its respective obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (iii) any rating agency, (iv) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization or (v) any assignee in connection with any pledges permitted by Section 9.05(f) , (g) with the consent of the Borrower, or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender Party or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.
In exchange for the severance pay and other consideration under the Transition Agreement to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, Executive agrees not to disparage the Company, the Company’s officers, directors, employees, shareholders and agents, in any manner likely to be harmful to them or the Company’s business, business reputation or personal reputation. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Executive or the Company employees who are aware of the existence of this Agreement from responding accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for information when required by legal process. Similarly, the Company agrees not to disparage the Executive in any manner likely to harm the Executive.
The effective date of the Plan shall be the date of its adoption by the Board, subject only to the approval by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present to be held within twelve (12) months of such adoption. No Options or Awards shall vest hereunder unless such shareholder approval is obtained.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Precision and Aero-Missile hereby offer and the Executive accepts employment as Chief Executive Officer of Precision and President of Aero-Missile, effective as of April 1, 2016 (the "Effective Date"). Executive's office will be located at the Company's headquarters at 351 Camer Drive, Bensalem, PA 19020.
Each of Tenzing Global, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other Party hereto may occur in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached and that such injury would not be adequately compensable in monetary damages. It is accordingly agreed that Tenzing Global, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand (the “ Moving Party ”), shall each be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive or other equitable relief to prevent any violation of, the terms hereof, and the other party hereto will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available.
All Liens granted to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents are for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Borrower and each Guarantor ratifies each security interest granted pursuant to the Security Instruments and other Loan Documents, each financing statement filed, and any other action taken by the Administrative Agent before the Eighth Amendment Effective Date to effect or perfect its Lien on any Collateral.
The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals. A Stock Appreciation Right shall entitle a Participant to receive, upon satisfaction of the conditions to payment specified in the applicable Award Document, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value on the exercise date of the number of Shares for which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised over the grant price for such Stock Appreciation Right specified in the applicable Award Document. The grant price per share of Shares covered by a Stock Appreciation Right shall be fixed by the Committee at the time of grant or, alternatively, shall be determined by a method specified by the Committee at the time of grant, but in no event shall the grant price of a Stock Appreciation Right be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant; provided , however , that the grant price of a Substitute Award granted as a Stock Appreciation Rights shall be in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and may be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value. Payments to a Participant upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right may be made in cash or Shares, having an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the date of exercise equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value on the exercise date of the number of Shares for which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised over the grant price for such Stock Appreciation Right. The term of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares shall not exceed seven (7) years.
In the event of the death of the Executive, the Company shall pay to the estate or other legal representative of the Executive, within ninety (90) days of the Executive’s death, (i) the salary accrued to the date of the Executive’s death and not theretofore paid and (ii) any earned but unpaid Annual Bonus for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in which such termination occurs. In addition, the Company shall pay to the estate or other legal representative of the Executive a lump sum, pro rata portion of any Annual Bonus that Executive would have been entitled to receive pursuant to Section 4 for the fiscal year in which such termination occurs, based upon the percentage of the fiscal year that shall have elapsed through the date of Executive’s termination of employment, calculated on the actual performance for the fiscal year in which termination occurs (the “Pro-Rata Bonus”), payable when such Annual Bonus would have otherwise been payable had Executive’s employment not terminated. Rights and benefits of the estate or other legal representative of the Executive under the benefit plans and programs of the Company shall be determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of such plans and programs. Neither the estate nor other legal representative of the Executive nor the Company shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement except as provided in this Section 7.1.
This Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, representations or understandings, whether written, oral or implied, between you and the Company, including the Original Offer; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not supersede either party’s obligations as set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger, made and entered into as of August 4, 2015 (the “Merger Agreement”), which obligations shall continue in full force and effect, including with respect to any earn out amounts that may become payable to you pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as summarized on Attachment B to this Agreement. Subject to the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence, the parties have voluntarily agreed to define their rights, liabilities and obligations respecting the subject matter hereof exclusively in contract pursuant to the express terms and provisions of this Agreement; and the parties expressly disclaim that they are owed any duties or are entitled to any remedies not expressly set forth in this Agreement. Furthermore, the parties each hereby acknowledge that this Agreement embodies the justifiable expectations of sophisticated parties derived from arm’s length negotiations.
Except for matters and filings that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) all federal, state and local tax returns, reports and statements required to be filed by or on behalf of Borrower have been filed with the appropriate Governmental Authorities in all jurisdictions in which such returns, reports and statements are required to be filed and, except to the extent subject to a Permitted Contest, all Taxes (including real property Taxes) and other charges shown to be due and payable in respect thereof have been timely paid prior to the date on which any fine, penalty, interest, late charge or loss may be added thereto for nonpayment thereof, (ii) except to the extent subject to a Permitted Contest, all state and local sales and use Taxes required to be paid by Borrower have been paid, and (iii) all federal and state returns have been filed by Borrower for all periods for which returns were due with respect to employee income tax withholding, social security and unemployment taxes, and, except to the extent subject to a Permitted Contest, the amounts shown thereon to be due and payable have been paid in full or adequate provisions therefor have been made.
Effective on the consummation of the transactions (including without limitation the merger (“ Merger ”)) contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (“ Merger Agreement ”) by and among DENTSPLY International Inc., Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. and Dawkins Merger Sub, Inc., dated September 15, 2015 (the “ Effective Date ”), the Company shall employ Executive and Executive shall remain in the employ of the Company, for the period and in the position set forth in this Section 1 , and subject to the other terms and conditions herein provided. In the event the above-mentioned closing does not occur for any reason, this Agreement shall not become effective and shall be null and void and of no force or effect.
Cessation or termination of Executive’s employment with the Company shall not result in termination of this Agreement.  The respective obligations of Executive and the Company as provided in Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 of this Agreement shall survive cessation or termination of Executive’s employment hereunder.
The Borrower shall pay such fees to the Administrative Agent, for its own account and for the benefit of the Lenders providing such Incremental Increase, as are agreed mutually at the time such Incremental Increase is established.
The portion of a Participant’s Account attributable to credits under Sections 4.1 (Match) and 4.3 (Elective Deferrals) is fully vested at all times. The portion of a Participant’s Account attributable to credits under Section 4.2 (Retirement Accumulation) is vested to the same extent as the Participant’s Retirement Accumulation Account under the RSP.
No failure or delay on the part of any Party hereto in the exercise of any right hereunder shall impair such right or be construed as a waiver of, or acquiescence in, any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement herein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right.
None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is in default under any provision of any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing Indebtedness, or any other material agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets are or may be bound, where such default, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in performing services hereunder, including all reasonable expenses of travel and living while away from home, provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Corporation.
If any provision in this Agreement will be found or be held to be invalid or unenforceable, then the meaning of said provision will be construed, to the extent feasible, so as to render the provision enforceable, and if no feasible interpretation would save such provision, it will be severed from the remainder of this Agreement which will remain in full force and effect unless the severed provision is essential and material to the rights or benefits received by any party. In such event, the parties will use their respective best efforts to negotiate, in good faith, a substitute, valid and enforceable provision or agreement which most nearly affects the parties’ intent in entering into this Agreement.
The ABL Agent, on behalf of itself and each ABL Lender, and each Term Loan Agent, on behalf of itself and each applicable Term Loan Lender, agrees that each of them shall take such further action and shall execute and deliver to the ABL Agent, the ABL Lenders, the Term Loan Agents and the Term Loan Lenders such additional documents and instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as the ABL Agent, the ABL Lenders, the Term Loan Agents or the Term Loan Lenders may reasonably request, at the expense of the Borrower, to effectuate the terms of and the Lien priorities contemplated by this Agreement.
Indemnitee shall promptly give the Company notice in writing of any Claim made against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement. Notice to the Company shall be directed to the General Counsel of the Company at the address shown on the signature page of this Agreement (or such other address as the Company shall designate in writing to Indemnitee); provided, however, that the failure to promptly give the Company notice in writing shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under this Agreement, except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure. In addition, Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the Company and shall give the Company such information as it may reasonably require.
CannaSys hereby sells, transfers, and sets over to LuvBuds, free and clear of any and all liens that may have arisen between December 18, 2015 and the Effective Date, all of CannaSys's right, title, and interest in and to the Acquired Assets (as defined in the APA) and any additional assets acquired by LuvBuds between December 18, 2015 and the Effective Date. LuvBuds hereby accepts the Acquired Assets and additional assets and assumes the obligations and duties under the Acquired Assets, additional assets, and Assumed Liabilities (as defined in the APA) arising after the Effective Date.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email or facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by the Purchaser has been duly authorized by all requisite action, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and (b) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.
This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters may be executed in multiple counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall constitute an original. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters by telecopier, facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., a “pdf” or “tiff”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. Headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration when interpreting, this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters.
Executive agrees that following Executive’s termination of employment for any reason, he shall not make any voluntary statements, written or oral, or cause or encourage others to make any such statements that defame, disparage or in any way criticize the personal and/or business reputations, practices or conduct of Company or its affiliates.
OpCo hereby represents and warrants to the Company that, except as set forth on Annex C attached hereto, to the knowledge of OpCo (after reasonable inquiry) (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by OpCo and (ii) the performance by OpCo of its obligations under this Agreement do not violate, in any material respect, applicable law.
Executive acknowledges that a breach of this Section 5 will cause great and irreparable injury and damage, which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated by money damages. Accordingly, Executive acknowledges that the remedies of injunction and specific performance shall be available in the event of such a breach, in addition to money damages, costs and attorneys’ fees, and other legal or equitable remedies, and that the Company shall be entitled as a matter of course to an injunction pending trial, without the posting of bond or other security. Any period of restriction set forth in this Section 5 shall be extended for a period of time equal to the duration of any breach or violation hereof.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, nonpublic information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
It is expressly agreed that the remedy at law for breach of any of the obligations set forth in this Article 12 is inadequate in view of (i) the complexities and uncertainties in measuring the actual damages that would be sustained by reason of the failure of a party to comply fully with each of said obligations, and (ii) the uniqueness of each Member’s business and assets and the relationship of the Members. Accordingly, each of the aforesaid obligations and restrictions shall be, and is hereby expressly made, enforceable by specific performance.
All of each Borrower’s obligations under this Article III shall survive repayment of all other DIP Term Credit Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent.
Each of Parent, the Company and the Surviving Entity will be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to any Equityholder or Blocker Seller such amounts as are required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or under any other Legal Requirement. Parent, the Company and the Surviving Entity (as the case may be) will provide each Equityholder (other than an employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary) or Blocker Seller (as the case may be) with written notice of such intended deduction or withholding within a commercially reasonable period of time before such deduction or withholding is required. Parent, the Company or the Surviving Entity (as the case may be) will promptly pay or cause to be paid any amounts withheld pursuant to this Section 3.9 for applicable Taxes to the appropriate Governmental Authority on behalf of such Equityholders or Blocker Seller. To the extent that such amounts are so withheld, such withheld amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the applicable Equityholder or Blocker Seller.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the “ Charter ”) or the by-laws of the Company; or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a “ Governmental Entity ”) as of the date hereof, except for such violations that would not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the Company.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Loan Parties or the Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Loan Parties or any of the Loan Parties’ Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, and (iv) such Lender shall continue to have the sole right to enforce its rights under this Agreement. Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 10.07 as if such Participant was a Lender hereunder. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Loan Parties agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section (b) . To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Loan Parties, shall maintain at its offices a record of each agreement or instrument effecting any participation and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of its Participants and their rights with respect to principal amounts and other Obligations from time to time (each a “ Participation Register ”).  The entries in each Participation Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error and the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in a Participant Register as a Participant for all purposes of this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of entitlement to benefits under Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 and Section 10.08” ).  The Participation Register shall be available for inspection by the Lead Borrower, the L/C Issuer and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned by any party to this Agreement (by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties to this Agreement.
TPHX has been and is in compliance with, and has not received any notice of any violation of any, applicable law, order, ordinance, regulation or rule of any kind whatsoever, including without limitation the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC or the applicable securities laws and rules and regulations of any state.
Borrower shall promptly pay and discharge all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon Borrower or any Subsidiary or upon the income, profits, or property of Borrower or any Subsidiary and all claims for labor, material or supplies that, if unpaid, might by law become a lien or charge upon any material property of Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, however, that none of Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be required to pay any such tax, assessment, charge or claim, so long as the validity thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and adequate reserves therefor shall be maintained on the books of Borrower and such Subsidiary.
To the extent required by law, the Company shall withhold or cause to be withheld income and other taxes incurred by the Recipient by reason of a grant of Shares, and the Recipient agrees that he or she shall upon the request of the Company pay to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy its tax withholding obligations from time to time (including as Shares become vested).
The Parties to this Agreement hereby understand, acknowledge and agree that the provisions of: (i) Article 17 of Tornier N.V.’s Articles of Association; (ii) any similar provisions in the charter documents of the Company and any affiliated entity and (iii) the Indemnification Agreement dated as of June 10, 2013 between Tornier N.V. and Executive are incorporated herein and made a part hereof as if set out verbatim and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) including the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on July 20, 2016 (which has not yet been declared effective by the Commission) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the “SEC Reports”). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (“GAAP”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
Except for statutory mechanics’ and material men’s liens, liens for current taxes not yet delinquent, the Parties own, free and clear of any liens, claims, charges, options, or other encumbrances, all of their tangible and intangible property, real and personal (except that sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of business since the date of such statements) and all such property acquired since the date of such statements.  All real property and tangible personal property of the Parties is in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted.
For purposes of this Agreement and the Performance RSUs granted hereunder, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set forth below, provided that, if the Employee is a party to an employment agreement with the Company which contains any of the defined terms below, the meanings set forth in the Employee’s employment agreement shall govern the terms of this Agreement and the Performance RSUs granted hereunder.
Each Grantor agrees, jointly and severally, to defend, protect, indemnify and hold the Collateral Agent and each of the Holders, jointly and severally, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees, costs, expenses, and disbursements of such Person’s counsel) to the extent that they arise out of or otherwise result from this Agreement (including, without limitation, enforcement of this Agreement), except claims, losses or liabilities resulting solely and directly from such Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to the Company, to Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc., 202 South Dean Street, Englewood, NJ, Attn: Jeremy Frommer, with a copy by fax only to (which shall not constitute notice) and (ii) if to the Holder, to the address and facsimile number listed on the first paragraph of this Warrant.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which will constitute one and the same instrument.  For purposes hereof, facsimile and electronically scanned pdf copies hereof and facsimile and electronically scanned pdf signatures hereof shall be authorized and deemed effective.
If any provision of any of the Loan Documents shall be held invalid under any applicable law, such invalidity shall not affect any other provision of the Loan Documents that can be given effect without the invalid provision, and, to this end, the provisions of the Loan Documents are severable.
The aggregate number of shares and type of all authorized, issued and outstanding classes of capital stock, options and other securities of the Company (whether or not presently convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company) is set forth in Schedule   3.1(g) hereto. All outstanding shares of capital stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable securities laws. Except as disclosed in Schedule   3.1(g) hereto, the Company did not have outstanding at June 30, 2016 any other Options, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or entered into any agreement giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of Common Stock. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) hereto, and except for customary adjustments as a result of stock dividends, stock splits, combinations of shares, reorganizations, recapitalizations, reclassifications or other similar events, there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) and the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investors) and will not result in a right of any holder of securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities. To the knowledge of the Company, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports and any Schedules 13D or 13G filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 13d-1 of the Exchange Act by reporting persons or in Schedule 3.1(g) hereto, no Person or group of related Persons beneficially owns (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), or has the right to acquire, by agreement with or by obligation binding upon the Company, beneficial ownership of in excess of 5% of the outstanding Common Stock.
Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Group Member and each of their respective ERISA Affiliates is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the provisions of the Code relating to Plans and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder; (ii) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; and (iii) all amounts required by applicable law with respect to, or by the terms of, any retiree welfare benefit arrangement maintained by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate or to which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to contribute have been accrued in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106.  The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Pension Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Accounting Standards Codification No. 715: Compensation Retirement Benefits) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than a material amount the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan allocable to such accrued benefits, and the present value of all accumulated Accounting Standards Codification No. 715: Compensation Retirement Benefits) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than a material amount the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Pension Plans.
If Tenant signs as a corporation, limited liability company, or a partnership, or other business entity each person executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant hereby covenants and warrants that Tenant is a duly authorized and existing entity, that Tenant is duly qualified to do business in Massachusetts, that Tenant has full right and authority to enter into this Lease, and that each person signing on behalf of Tenant is duly authorized to do so and that no other signatures are necessary. Upon Landlord's request, Tenant shall provide Landlord with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Landlord confirming the foregoing covenants and warranties.
In the event of a termination of the Term of Employment pursuant to any of Sections 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 above, a condition precedent to the Company's obligation to make or continue to make the payments associated with such termination and/or to provide the continued vesting under Section 5.7 shall be your execution and delivery to the Company of a release of all claims you may have against the Company, its affiliates and their related persons arising out of or in connection with your employment or termination of employment, including but not limited to, a release of all claims of discrimination, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (as such form may be updated in the discretion of the Company provided that it does not add any new material obligations by you without your consent). The Company will deliver such release to you at or about the time it delivers or receives the notice of termination, and you will execute and deliver such release to the Executive Vice President, Human Resources or his or her designee within twenty-one (21) days thereafter (or forty-five (45) days if required by law). Subject to any delay required in accordance with Section 10.13, the Company will begin to make any severance payments due to you pursuant to Sections 5.3. 5.4. or 5.5 above on the next administratively feasible payroll date following the termination of your employment; however, if you fail to execute and deliver such release to the Company within the 21-day period (or forty-five (45) day period if required by law), or if you revoke your consent to such release as provided therein, you will not be eligible to receive any further payments from the Company and you will be obligated to return to the Company all severance payments received pursuant to Sections 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 within ten (10) business days after receipt of notice pursuant to Section 10.1.
The Board shall establish such other conditions and restrictions on any shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable, including time-based restrictions, or restrictions under applicable laws or under the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which shares of Stock are then listed or traded, or holding requirements or sale restrictions placed on the shares of Stock by the Company upon vesting of such Restricted Stock.
From the Effective Date until the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Seller and Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things, necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions described in this Agreement, including, without limitation (a) obtaining all necessary consents, approvals and Authorizations required to be obtained from any Governmental Authority or other Person under this Agreement or Applicable Law; and (b) effecting all registrations and filings required under this Agreement or Applicable Law.  After Closing, Seller and Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts (at no cost or expense to such Party, other than any de minimis cost or expense or any cost or expense which the requesting Party agrees in writing to reimburse) to further effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  The immediately preceding sentence of this Section 7.9 shall survive the Closing as well as the termination of this Agreement.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to the Company, to: Emerald Medical Applications Corp., c/o of Law Office of Richard Rubin, 40 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, Attn: Lior Wayn, CEO, fax: 212-658-9867, with a copy by fax only to: Law Office of Richard Rubin, 40 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, Attn: Richard Rubin, Esq., fax: 212-658-9867, and (ii) if to the Purchaser, to: the address and fax numbers indicated on the signature pages hereto, with an additional copy by fax only to (which shall not constitute notice) Purchaser's Legal Counsel. For so long as any notice may or be required to be given to the Company pursuant to the transaction documents, the Company will maintain an address for notice purposes in New York, New York.
This Amendment No. 2 may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures provided by facsimile transmission or in Adobe TM Portable Document Format (PDF) sent by electronic mail shall be deemed to be original signatures.
The representations and warranties made by the Stockholder in this Voting Agreement shall not survive any termination of the Merger Agreement or this Voting Agreement.
No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement will in any event be effective unless it is in writing and signed by all Parties.
Tenant shall deliver, within 90 days of the close of each fiscal year: (i) annual financial statements of Tenant prepared by Tenant, such statements to be audited and certified by an independent accounting firm if Tenant regularly receives such audited statements; and (ii) an annual income statement for each Property for the prior fiscal year then ended, prepared in a manner consistent with the annual financial statements.  Tenant shall also furnish to Landlord within forty-five (45) days from the end of each fiscal quarter during the Lease Term (a) Tenant’s quarterly financial statements (on a combined basis) for the prior fiscal quarter then ended, including a balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement (on a year-to-date basis), and a copy of any narrative from management of Tenant that is provided to Tenant’s primary lender, and (b) a quarterly statement of sales and EBITDAR for each Property for the prior fiscal quarter then ended. Tenant shall deliver or cause Parent to deliver: (i) within 90 days of the close of each fiscal year, annual audited financial statements of Parent prepared by Parent and certified to by an independent accounting firm as having been prepared in accordance with US GAAP; (ii) within forty-five (45) days from the end of each fiscal quarter during the Lease Term, Parent’s quarterly financial statements (on a combined basis) for the prior fiscal quarter then ended, including a balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement (on a year-to-date basis), and a copy of any narrative from management of Guarantor that is provided to Guarantor’s primary lender. The foregoing requirements with respect to quarterly and annual financial statements of Tenant and Parent may be satisfied by consolidated quarterly and annual financial statements of Parent available via EDGAR or Parent’s website so long as Tenant is a subsidiary of Parent, except that Tenant shall in any event be obligated to provide the quarterly statement of sales and EBITDAR for each Property as required by clause (b) of the second sentence of this Section 9.03(a).  All annual financial reports that are submitted under this Section 9.03(a) or that are made available via Edgar or Parent’s website shall be certified to by an independent accounting firm as having been prepared in accordance with US GAAP and all quarterly financial statements that are submitted under this Section 9.03(a) or that are made available via Edgar or Parent’s website shall be certified to by a financial officer of Tenant or Parent, as applicable, as having been prepared in accordance with US GAAP.
WESTERN has materially complied with all laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, and all judgments, decisions and orders entered by any federal, state, local or foreign court or governmental authority or instrumentality applicable or relating to WESTERN or its businesses or properties ("WESTERN Applicable Laws").
Pursuant to Section 2.09 of the Credit Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth herein, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders signatory hereto hereby consent to the Termination Date Extension and agree that the definition of “Termination Date” in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the reference to “June 5, 2020” and insert a reference to “June 5, 2021” in lieu thereof. The Borrowers hereby agree that this Agreement constitutes the second of two initially permitted requests for a Termination Date extension under Section 2.09 of the Credit Agreement.
Maintain, in addition to what is required by any Loan Document, insurance policies with insurance companies acceptable to Bank in its reasonable discretion and in such amounts and covering such risks as are usually carried by entities engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which Borrowers operate, provided that in any event Borrowers will maintain property insurance and comprehensive general liability insurance reasonably satisfactory to Bank and provide Bank with a copy of all insurance reviews conducted by any insurance broker or agent.  Bank shall be named as loss payee and an additional insured under any property insurance and general liability insurance.
No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to departure therefrom shall be effective unless in writing and approved by the Company and the Purchasers then-holding at least a majority in interest of the outstanding Total Loan Amount (the “ Majority Holders ”). Any provision of the Notes may be amended or waived by the written consent of the Majority Holders; provided, however, that no amendment or waiver shall materially and adversely affect the rights of any Purchaser or group of Purchasers in a manner different from all Purchasers without the written consent of the Purchaser or group of Purchasers so materially and adversely affected.
For the convenience of the parties any number of counterparts hereof may be executed, and each such executed counterpart shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or .PDF transmission of an executed counterpart of this Second Amendment shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart, and such facsimile or .PDF signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of enforcement and construction of this Second Amendment.
This AGREEMENT and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements may be executed in as many counterparts as may be deemed necessary or convenient, and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same agreement.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes material, non-public information that is not otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in the Securities. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement, each as of the date of its issuance, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does not make and has not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2.19 (which shall be controlling with respect to the matters covered thereby), in the event that any Lender shall determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) that any law, treaty or governmental rule, regulation or order, or any change therein or in the interpretation, administration or application thereof (including the introduction of any new law, treaty or governmental rule, regulation or order), or any determination of a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case that becomes effective after the date hereof, or compliance by such Lender with any guideline, request or directive issued or made after the date hereof by any central bank or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law): (i) subjects such Lender (or its applicable lending office) to any additional Tax (other than any Tax on the overall net income of such Lender) with respect to this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents or any of its obligations hereunder or thereunder or any payments to such Lender (or its applicable lending office) of principal, interest, fees or any other amount payable hereunder; (ii) imposes, modifies or holds applicable any reserve (including any marginal, emergency, supplemental, special or other reserve), special deposit, compulsory loan, FDIC insurance or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, or advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Lender (other than any such reserve or other requirements with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans that are reflected in the definition of Adjusted LIBOR Rate); or (iii) imposes any other condition (other than with respect to a Tax matter) on or affecting such Lender (or its applicable lending office) or its obligations hereunder or the London interbank market; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make, making or maintaining Term Loans hereunder or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Lender (or its applicable lending office) with respect thereto; then, in any such case, Company shall promptly pay to such Lender, upon receipt of the statement referred to in the next sentence, such additional amount or amounts (in the form of an increased rate of, or a different method of calculating, interest or otherwise as such Lender in its sole discretion shall determine) as may be necessary to compensate such Lender for any such increased cost or reduction in amounts received or receivable hereunder. Such Lender shall deliver to Company (with a copy to Administrative Agent) a written statement, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for calculating the additional amounts owed to such Lender under this Section 2.18(a), which statement shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error. For purposes of this Section 2.18(a), (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank of International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “change in law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
The Borrower shall default in the payment (i) when due of any principal of any of the Loans or (ii) within three Business Days of when due of any interest on the Loans or of any fees owing hereunder or any of the other Credit Documents or (iii) within ten days of when due of any other amounts owing hereunder, under any of the other Credit Documents or in connection herewith.
The Term of Employment shall terminate earlier than the Third Anniversary upon the earliest to occur of (i) Employee’s death, (ii) a termination by the Company by reason of a Disability, (iii) a termination by the Company with Cause, (iv) the one (1) year anniversary of the date on which Employee receives the Company’s written notice of termination without Cause, and (v) the one (1) year anniversary of the date on which the Company receives Employee’s written notice of termination for any reason; provided , however , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if the one (1) year anniversary date noted in clauses (iv) and (v) above extend past the Third Anniversary, the Term of Employment shall terminate on the last day of the Notice Period.  Upon the earlier to occur of (A) the day on which Employee’s Garden Leave commences and (B) the actual termination of Employee’s employment, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing and agreed upon in writing by Employee, Employee shall be deemed to have resigned from any and all directorships, committee memberships or any other positions Employee holds with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and Employee shall execute such documents as may reasonably be requested by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to effectuate or document such resignations.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts of this Agreement, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Any facsimile or Adobe portable document format copies hereof or signature hereon shall, for all purposes, be deemed originals.
Other than as disclosed in writing to Buyer, the Company and Subsidiary have no actions, suits, or proceedings pending, at law or in equity, before any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind. The Seller has no knowledge of any default on its part (or that of the Subsidiary) with respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule, or regulation of any court, arbitrator, or governmental agency or instrumentality.
The Companies shall execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts and things as may be required to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.
(1) Subject to Section 2.19(c), the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender an Unused Fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate per annum on the daily unused amount of the Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates. For purposes of determining the unused amount of any Lender’s Commitment, the amount of such Lender’s Swingline Exposure shall be deemed to be unused. Accrued Unused Fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All Unused Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
All fees required to be paid on the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letter and all reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses payable by Parent to the Lenders, the Arrangers and the Agents on or before the Closing Date (as previously agreed upon in writing by Parent) shall have been paid to the extent due and payable, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date.
Any Unvested Profits Units that are forfeited pursuant to the terms of an Award Agreement and any Profits Units that are Vested Profits Units but have not achieved the criteria for conversion to Units of Partnership Interest prior to the tenth (10 th ) anniversary of the date of grant and accordingly are forfeited pursuant to the terms of an Award Agreement shall immediately be null and void and shall cease to be outstanding or to have any rights except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement.
The cure period and notice provisions set forth in the Credit Agreement shall be applicable to any Default under this Collateral Assignment.
To promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any litigation pending or threatened against Borrower.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, through the Closing Date, each Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions required by the terms of this Agreement of such Party that are reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Transactions. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at any time or from time to time after the Closing, at any Party’s request and without further consideration, the other Party shall (and in the case of Buyer and Seller, each such Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the applicable members of the Company to) execute and deliver to such Party such other instruments of sale, transfer, conveyance, assignment and confirmation, provide such materials and information and take such other actions as such Party may reasonably request in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Transactions.
The headings contained in this Amendment are for reference purposes only and do not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment.
The Corporation shall use the portion of the aggregate Purchase Price that is deposited at the Closing into the Financing Account in accordance with the Finance Account Agreement.
As a condition to the Company's obligation to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise hereof, the Holder shall execute the Subscription Agreement attached hereto as Annex A.
Immediately prior to giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 350,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“ Common Stock ”), of which 143,182,111 shares are issued and outstanding, and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share (“ Preferred Stock ”), 5,000,000 shares of which are designated as “Series B Convertible Preferred Stock”, none of which are issued and outstanding and 10,000,000 of which are designated as “Series C Convertible Preferred Stock”, none of which are issued and outstanding. The designations, powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions in respect of the Series C Stock are as set forth in the Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock attached hereto as Exhibit B (the “ Certificate of Designations ”), and all such designations, powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with all applicable laws. As of the date hereof 9,050,000 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options granted under the Company’s 2007 Stock Option Plan and 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options and other stock awards to be granted under the Company’s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 18,358,500 of which have been granted as of the date hereof).  As of the date hereof there are outstanding warrants to purchase 37,860,648 shares of Common Stock, outstanding warrants to purchase 344,993 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and outstanding convertible notes convertible into 46,222,204 shares of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, 5,473,143 shares of Common Stock are issuable to prior purchasers of the Company’s securities as penalty shares. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are subject to no preemptive rights (and were not issued in violation of any preemptive rights). The Company does not have outstanding any securities or other obligations providing the holder the right to acquire Common Stock or other equity security except as specified in this subsection 2(c), and the Company has not made any other commitment to authorize, issue or sell any Common Stock or other equity security.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be fully performed therein. Any disputes that arise under this Agreement, even after the termination of this Agreement, will be heard only in the state or federal courts located in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly agree to submit themselves to the jurisdiction of the foregoing courts in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly waive any rights they may have to contest the jurisdiction, venue or authority of any court sitting in the City and State of New York. In the event of the bringing of any action, or suit by a party hereto against the other party hereto, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the party in whose favor the final judgment or award shall be entered shall be entitled to have and recover from the other party the costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, including its reasonable attorneys’ fees. Any rights to trial by jury with respect to any such action, proceeding or suit are hereby waived by Chardan and the Company.
The Committee shall set forth in the applicable Performance Share Award Agreement the performance goals and objectives (and the period of time to which such goals and objectives shall apply) which the Holder and/or the Company would be required to satisfy before the Holder would become entitled to the receipt of shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Holder’s Performance Share Award and the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Performance Share Award. Such payment shall be subject to a “substantial risk of forfeiture” under Section 409A of the Code and, if such goals and objectives are achieved, the distribution of such Common Shares shall be made no later than by the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) calendar month next following the end of the Company’s fiscal year to which such goals and objectives relate. At the time of such Award, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, prescribe additional terms and conditions or restrictions relating to Performance Share Awards, including, but not limited to, rules pertaining to the effect of termination of the Holder’s employment, Director status or Consultant status prior to the expiration of the applicable performance period. The terms and conditions of the respective Performance Share Award Agreements need not be identical.
The Company shall (a) by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act.  From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER AMENDMENT DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER AMENDMENT DOCUMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER AMENDMENT DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN), BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK; PROVIDED , HOWEVER , THAT EACH OF (A) THE INTERPRETATION OF THE DEFINITION OF COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT AND WHETHER THERE SHALL HAVE OCCURRED A COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT AND (B) WHETHER THE CELATOR ACQUISITION SHALL HAVE BEEN CONSUMMATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE CELATOR MERGER AGREEMENT, IN EACH CASE, SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE TO THE EXTENT THAT THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, that no Party to this Agreement will assign its rights or delegate any or all of its obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other Party to this Agreement; provided, further, that either Party may assign all or any part of its rights and may assign performance of Services to other Service Providers under this Agreement without obtaining any consent of the other Party, provided that in no case shall such assignment relieve the assignor of any obligations hereunder.  Any purported assignment or transfer in violation of this Section 7.01 shall be null and void and of no effect.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic substantive laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Provided that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, the Borrower shall have the option to (a) convert at any time following the third Business Day after the Closing Date all or any portion of any outstanding Base Rate Loans in a principal amount equal to $1,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof into one or more LIBOR Rate Loans and (b) upon the expiration of any Interest Period, continue such LIBOR Rate Loans as LIBOR Rate Loans.  Whenever the Borrower desires to convert or continue Loans as LIBOR Rate Loans, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable prior written notice in the form attached as Exhibit F (a “ Notice of Conversion/Continuation ”) not later than 10:00 a.m. three (3) Business Days before the day on which a proposed conversion or continuation of such Loan is to be effective specifying (A) the Loans to be converted or continued and the last day of the Interest Period therefor, (B) the effective date of such conversion or continuation (which shall be a Business Day), (C) the principal amount of such Loans to be converted or continued, and (D) the Interest Period to be applicable to such converted or continued LIBOR Rate Loan.  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of such Notice of Conversion/Continuation.  If the Borrower does not deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans prior to the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto, it shall be deemed a request to convert such Loans into Base Rate Loans.  If the Borrower requests a conversion to, or a continuation of, LIBOR Rate Loans, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month.
During the Term and thereafter, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company and its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, upon the Company’s reasonable request, with respect to any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceeding involving matters within the scope of the Executive’s duties and responsibilities to the Company during the Term (including, without limitation, the Executive being available to the Company upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Company’s reasonable request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, and turning over to the Company all relevant Company documents which are or may come into the Executive’s possession during the Term); provided , however , that any such request by the Company shall not be unduly burdensome or interfere with the Executive’s personal schedule or ability to engage in gainful employment. In the event the Company requires the Executive’s cooperation in accordance with this Section 6(f), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including travel, lodging and meals and reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Executive in connection with such cooperation, subject to reasonable documentation.
If the transactions contemplated herein are not consummated, or following the occurrence of a Termination Date, if applicable, nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver by any Party of any or all of such Party’s rights, other than as provided in Section  17 of this Agreement, and the Parties expressly reserve any and all of their respective rights. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement, the Plan, and all negotiations relating hereto are part of a proposed settlement of matters that could otherwise be the subject of litigation. Pursuant to Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, any applicable state rules of evidence, and any other applicable law, foreign or domestic, the Plan Term Sheet, this Agreement, the Plan, any related documents, and all negotiations relating thereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding, or used by any party for any reason whatsoever, including in any proceeding, other than a proceeding to enforce its terms.
Each of the Loan Parties has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment 2 and any other Loan Documents delivered in connection therewith, and to perform its obligations hereunder and under such Loan Documents (as amended or modified hereby) to which it is a party. The execution, delivery and performance by each of the Loan Parties of this Amendment 2 and the other Loan Documents delivered in connection herewith have been duly approved by all necessary corporate or company action and no other corporate or company proceedings are necessary to consummate such transactions.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 11.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Shares, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
The following provisions shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: ‎ARTICLE 1,  ‎10,  ‎11,  ‎13,  ‎14 and Sections ‎7.6,  ‎8.1,  ‎12.5,  ‎12.6,  ‎12.7, and ‎12.8.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law of any jurisdiction.
EDC agrees with the Borrower that it will use its reasonable efforts to keep confidential and not to disclose any non-public information supplied to it and marked as such by the Borrower in connection with this Agreement, provided that nothing herein shall limit the disclosure of any such information: (a) to the extent required by statute, rule, regulation or judicial process or by Canada's or EDC's international commitments, including in relation to the WTO Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement; (b) to counsel for EDC; (c) to bank examiners, auditors, consultants or accountants; (d) in connection with any litigation or enforcement activity or other action relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby to which EDC is a party; (e) to any party with or through whom EDC enters or proposes to enter any kind of transfer, participation, subparticipation or assignment of, or to any party who would otherwise become directly or indirectly entitled to, EDC's rights and benefits hereunder or to successors of EDC; or (f) any actual or prospective party to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payment hereunder.
The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Article III shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing with the same effect as though made on and as of such date at the time of and immediately after such Borrowing.
EACH PARTY HERETO EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM THIS AGREEMENT, THE CIC SEVERANCE PLAN OR THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
Each Borrower jointly and severally agrees to indemnify the Lender against any liabilities, losses or expenses (including, without limitation, loss of margin, any loss or expense sustained or incurred in liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, and any loss or expense incurred in connection with funds acquired to effect, fund or maintain any advance (or any part thereof) bearing interest under the LIBOR Rate Option which the Lender sustains or incurs as a consequence of either (i) the Borrowers’ failure to make a payment on the due date thereof, (ii) the Borrowers’ revocation (expressly, by later inconsistent notices or otherwise) in whole or in part of any notice given to Lender to request, convert, renew or prepay any advance bearing interest under the LIBOR Rate Option, or (iii) the Borrowers’ payment or prepayment (whether voluntary, after acceleration of the maturity of this Agreement or otherwise) or conversion of any advance bearing interest under the LIBOR Rate Option on a day other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period. A notice as to any amounts payable pursuant to this paragraph (including calculations with a reasonable level of detail, when available) given to the Borrowers by the Lender shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and shall be payable within ten (10) Business Days of written demand therefor. The Borrowers’ indemnification obligations hereunder shall survive the payment in full of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
By 8:30 a.m. (prevailing Central time) on the Trading Day immediately following the Closing, the Company shall issue a press release (the “ Press Release ”) reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby. On or before 8:30 a.m. (prevailing Central time) on the Trading Day following the Closing Date, the Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission describing the terms of the Transaction Documents (and including as exhibits to such Current Report on Form 8-K the material Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser or an Affiliate of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser or an Affiliate of any Purchaser, in any press release without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except to the extent such disclosure is required by law, request of the Staff of the Commission or Trading Market regulations. From and after the issuance of the Press Release, no Purchaser shall be in possession of any material, non-public information received from the Company or any of its executive officers, directors, employees or agents, that is not disclosed in the Press Release. The Company shall not, and shall cause each of its executive officers, directors, employees and agents, not to, provide any Purchaser with any material, non-public information regarding the Company from and after the filing of the Press Release without the express written consent of such Purchaser. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as described in Section 4.6, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).
Each Option granted under the Plan must be evidenced by an Award Agreement. At the time any Option is granted, the Committee will determine whether the Option is to be an Incentive Stock Option described in Code Section 422 or a Nonqualified Stock Option, and the Option must be clearly identified as to its status as an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option. Incentive Stock Options may only be granted to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent. At the time any Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan is exercised, the Company will be entitled to legend the certificates representing the shares of Stock purchased pursuant to the Option to clearly identify them as representing the shares purchased upon the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option. An Incentive Stock Option may only be granted within ten (10) years from the earlier of the date the Plan is adopted or approved by the Company’s stockholders.
Except as the Committee may otherwise permit pursuant to the Plan, the rights and interests of the Recipient under this Agreement may not be sold, assigned, encumbered, pledged, or otherwise transferred except in the event of the death of the Recipient, by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In the event of any attempt by the Recipient to sell, assign, encumber, pledge or otherwise transfer its rights and interests hereunder, except as provided in this Agreement [or in the Recipient’s Employment Agreement] * , or in the event of the levy or any attachment, execution or similar process upon the rights or interests hereby conferred, the Company may terminate the Performance Shares and unvested Earned Shares by notice to the Recipient, and the Performance Shares and unvested Earned Shares and all rights hereunder shall thereupon become null and void. The obligations, rights and protections of the Company hereunder shall extend to any successors or assigns of the Company.
Employee hereby represents to the Company that he has read and understands, and agrees to be bound by, the terms of this Section  7. It is the desire and intent of the parties hereto that the provisions of this Section  7 be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, whether now or hereafter in effect. However, to the extent that any part of this Section  7 may be found invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, it is intended that such part shall be enforceable to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such part, if more limited in scope, would have been enforceable, and such part shall be deemed to have been so written and the remaining parts shall as written be effective and enforceable in all events. Employee and the Company further agree and acknowledge that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the provisions of this Section  7, the Company shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief, as any such breach would cause the Company irreparable injury for which it would have no adequate remedy at law. Nothing herein shall be construed so as to prohibit the Company from pursuing any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, for any such breach or threatened breach.
Seller has obtained all consents and permissions (if any) related to the transactions herein contemplated and required under any covenant, agreement, encumbrance, law or regulation by which Seller or the Property is bound.
The initial term (the “Initial Term”) of this Agreement shall commence on the Plan Effective Date and end on December 31, 2019. No earlier than ninety (90) days and no later than sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of each of the Initial Term and any Successive Terms (as defined below), the Independent Directors of the Board will undertake a review of the services provided by Advisor during the preceding term and the needs of the Company and decide in their sole discretion, acting by majority, whether to renew this Agreement upon the same terms and subject to the same conditions as set forth herein. The Independent Directors of the Board shall notify Advisor within five (5) business days of its decision. Failure to notify Advisor in writing within such time period that the Independent Directors of the Board elect to renew this Agreement shall result in automatic termination. If the Independent Directors of the Company’s Board decide to renew this Agreement, this Agreement shall be extended for successive one (1) year terms (ending on December 31 of the calendar year) (each one-year period, a “Successive Term”). This Agreement may only be terminated in accordance with this Section  2 .
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be reasonable and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.  To the Company’s knowledge, since March 31, 2013, neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary, to the Company’s knowledge, will be unable to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before September 15, 2016; provided , however , that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
Each Loan Party and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has duly complied, and its properties and business operations are in compliance, in each case in all respects, with all applicable Laws (including Environmental Laws and with respect to Environmental Permits), except where noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There have been no citations, notices or orders relating to noncompliance issued to any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary under any applicable Law, except where such noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No Inventory has been produced in violation of the FLSA, except where such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans as set forth on said Schedule 3.1(g) , the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, all of which are set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) . No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that have not been fully satisfied. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Notes, and other than as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g) , there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements, whether oral or in writing, by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) of the Disclosure Schedule, the issuance and sale of the Notes will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities or any contractual rights granted to any other Person. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Notes. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
Each of the Loan Parties hereby irrevocably and absolutely waives any defenses, claims, counterclaims and setoffs and releases the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders from any and all claims, demands or causes of action of any kind, nature or description, whether arising in law or equity or upon contract or tort or under any state or federal laws or otherwise, which such Loan Party has had, now has or has made claim to have against any such person for or by reason of any act, omission, matter, cause or thing whatsoever relating to to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, or any other Loan Document, arising from the beginning of time to and including the date hereof, whether such claims, demands and causes of action are matured or unmatured or known or unknown.
Pledgor (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, has the same legal name as it appears in Pledgor’s organizational documents and (ii) has all powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, registrations, permits, consents and approvals required under all applicable laws and required in order to carry on its business as now conducted.
No delay by Holder in exercising any power or privilege hereunder, nor any single or partial exercise of any power or privilege hereunder, shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof, the exercise of any other power or privilege hereunder.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create or acquire any additional Subsidiary unless the Borrower gives prior written notice to Agent of such creation or acquisition and complies with Section  10.1.13 . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary except in compliance with Section 10.2.9(c) and except that Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries owned on the Closing Date may be sold, assigned or otherwise disposed of in connection with Asset Dispositions permitted by Section 10.2.9(l) .
This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to its specific subject matter and supersedes any prior oral and written communications, agreements and understandings among the Parties concerning the specific subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Prior Employment Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded in any manner, except by written instrument signed by both of the Parties hereto that expressly refers to the provision of this Agreement that is being modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded; provided , however , that the waiver by either Party of a breach or compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or compliance.
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that they have each carefully read and reviewed this Agreement with their respective counsel, and therefore agree that the rule of construction that ambiguities shall be construed against the drafter shall not be applicable.
Assignor hereby agrees to execute such other instruments and perform such other acts as might be reasonably required by Assignee or Assignee’s counsel to enforce the rights assigned to Assignee hereunder.
Any amounts payable to any Indemnified Parties under this Agreement shall become immediately due and payable on demand and, if not paid within ten (10) days of such demand therefor, shall bear interest at the lesser of (a) the Interest Rate due and payable following the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement or (b) the maximum interest rate which Indemnitor may by law pay or Indemnified Parties may charge and collect, from the date payment was due.
Jury Trial . SUBJECT TO SECTION 8.3, ALL JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT AGAINST THE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE. BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES, IRREVOCABLY (A) ACCEPT GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH COURTS, (B) WAIVE ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH SUCH PARTY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE AFORESAID ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (A) ABOVE AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM, (C) AGREE THAT SERVICE OF ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO SUCH PARTY AT THEIR RESPECTIVE ADDRESSES PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8.6, AND (D) AGREE THAT SERVICE AS PROVIDED IN CLAUSE (C) ABOVE IS SUFFICIENT TO CONFER PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER SUCH PARTY IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND OTHERWISE CONSTITUTES EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE IN EVERY RESPECT. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.
Any determination by the Committee in connection with any question or issue arising under the Notice, the Plan or this Award Agreement shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Participant, the Company and all other persons. Any question or dispute regarding the interpretation of this Award Agreement or the receipt of the Covered Shares or shares hereunder shall be submitted by the Participant to the Committee. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on all parties.
(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest for each day on which any principal of such Loans remains outstanding at the Alternate Base Rate for such day plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Loans for such day.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio without reference to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Parties irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising hereunder, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising hereunder brought by any other Party or its successors or assigns, will be brought and determined exclusively in the state courts of the State of Ohio, or the federal courts in the State of Ohio, and any state or federal appellate court therefrom. Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably submits, with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement in any court other than the aforesaid courts. Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason, (b) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (c) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, any claim that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts.
This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of New York, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of the County of New York, New York, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of New York, and no other courts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.  A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with US Company, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent.  Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof.
This Agreement, the Grant Notice, the Employment Agreement and the Plan together constitute the Participant’s and the Company’s entire understanding with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and void any and all prior agreements or understandings, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof, including, but not limited to, any term sheets (except as explicitly provided in the Grant Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Participant has signed any restrictive covenant agreements with the Company (including, but not limited to, any confidentiality, intellectual property rights assignment, non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disparagement agreements), such restrictive covenant agreements shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any provision or condition of, or default under, this Agreement by any party shall be valid unless in writing signed by such party. No such waiver shall be taken as a waiver of any other or similar provision or of any future event, act, or default.
(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, agents, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and any amounts paid in settlements caused by any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereof (including the Rule 430B information), any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto), or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided , however , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to losses, claims, damages, liabilities and any amounts paid in settlements caused by any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereof (including the Rule 430B Information), any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto).
In the event any provision of this NSNC Agreement is held illegal or invalid, the remaining provisions of this NSNC Agreement and the Agreement shall not be affected thereby.  If any of the restrictions contained in this NSNC Agreement or any part thereof is held to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination will have the power to reform the provisions of this NSNC Agreement to the extent permitted by applicable law.
This Joinder shall bind the parties to this Joinder and their respective successors (including, without limitation, any successor to WestRock MWV as owner of record title to the Mill Real Property and any successor to Ingevity as owner of the Carbon Plant) and shall bind, and inure to the benefit of, their permitted assigns under Sections 15.1 and 15.2 of the Ground Lease. This Joinder also shall inure to the benefit of each Person entitled to indemnification under Article 11 of the Ground Lease.
Notices and all other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: if to the Company, to the principal headquarters of the Company, attention: General Counsel; and if to Employee, to Employee's most recent address in the Company's records; or, in each respective case, to such other address as either Party may furnish to the other in writing, except that notices of changes of address shall be effective only upon receipt.
The Disclosed Information contains a complete and correct list of the insurance maintained in respect of the Company and its assets, together with details of all claims in excess of NOK 50,000 under any policy of insurance made by the Company in the 3 years before the date of this Agreement.
Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee all of Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to the Other Property Rights. Assignee hereby accepts such assignment and assumes and agrees to perform all of the terms, covenants and conditions to be observed or performed by Assignor under the Other Property Rights to the extent accruing or arising on or after the date of this Assignment. This Assignment is made by Assignor and Assignee subject to the terms of the Sale Agreement.
Subject to the conditions set forth within this Development Assignment, White Mountain hereby assigns, grants, transfers, creates step-in rights, and conveys to Developer all of its development rights, privileges and entitlements with respect to the Desal Plant as set forth in Section 1.2 (“ Development Rights ”) of this Development Assignment.
(i) In the event that the Closing has not occurred on or before June 30, 2017, then this Letter Agreement and the respective rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall automatically terminate and be of no further force and effect and (ii) this Letter Agreement and the respective rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall automatically terminate and be of no further force and effect if the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms; provided , however , that the provisions of Section 14 and the obligations of the Company under Section 6(a)(z) and Section 6(b)(z) shall survive any such termination of this Letter Agreement.
The provisions of this 2015 Time-Based Plan are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
This Agreement and the obligations of the Stockholders pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (a) the date the Merger Agreement shall have been validly terminated pursuant to its terms, (b) the date of any amendment, modification, change or waiver to any provision of the Merger Agreement that reduces the amount or changes the form of the Merger Consideration (subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement), (c) the Effective Time, and (d) the date on which the Brushy Board, pursuant to Section 5.3(c) of the Merger Agreement, effects a Brushy Adverse Recommendation Change (such earlier date, the “ Expiration Date ”).
This Lease, along with any exhibits or attachments hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relative to the Leased Premises and there are no oral agreements or representations between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Lease supersedes and cancels all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Lease may be modified only in writing, signed by the parties in interest at the time of the modification.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Amendment and Waiver Agreement will not (a) contravene, result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any Lien in respect of any property of the Company or any Subsidiary under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan, purchase or credit agreement, corporate charter or by-laws, or any other Material agreement, lease, or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or by which the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties may be bound or affected, (b) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any order, judgment, decree, or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or (c) violate any provision of any statute or other rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary.
Section 4.2 is intended to provide the greatest restriction allowable under Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §16601. In the event any provision hereof is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to violate any provision of Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §16601, that provision shall be modified to the least extent necessary to render it enforceable and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
The unaudited balance sheet of as of June 30, 2016 and the related statements of income and retained earnings for the period then ended fairly present the financial position of ACQUIRED COMPANY as of the date of the balance sheet included in the financial statements, and the results of its operations for the period indicated.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 4 hereof, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by the Company until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been registered for resale under the Act or sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the “piggy-back” rights provided for herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Company’s notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Purchase Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this section; provided, however, that such “piggy-back” registration rights shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(v).
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500 for each assignment; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
SSI and Bank agree that Bank shall provide SSI a written, tiered pricing schedule (based on Applicant credit scores or another designation by Bank) for new Score Cut Plan Accounts opened by Bank, which pricing schedule Bank may modify no more than twice during each Plan Year, but in no event sooner than three (3) months after the immediately preceding modification, upon at least thirty (3 0 ) days prior written notice to SSI. The initial tiered pricing schedule for the Score Cut Plan is attached hereto as Attachment A. SSI shall notify Bank , in writing, of the pricing tiers in which it wishes to participate , if any, and Bank shall open new Score Cut Plan Accounts for qualifying Applicants within such tiers (i.e . , each pricing tier corresponding to a separate credit score band); provided all other relevant application criteria has been satisfied. SSI shall pay Bank the applicable Score Cut Plan Account fee for each new Score Cut Plan Account opened in the tiers in which SSI agrees to participate.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents and the Fee Letter, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including any disclosure schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 2.2 hereof.
No change, modification or waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by both parties.
If any term of provision hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in a final court or arbitration proceeding, (i) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, the invalid or unenforceable term or provision shall be deemed replaced by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will (except as otherwise expressly provided herein) be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.
This Amendment and ML4 contain the entire agreement between Lessor and Tenant with respect to the subject matter hereof. No representations, warranties or agreements have been made by Lessor or Tenant except as set forth in this Amendment and ML4.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made within such State, without regard to the conflicts of law principles that would require the application of any other law.
All matters affecting this Agreement, including the validity thereof, are to be governed by, and interpreted and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in that State.
The Representation and Warranty Provider, the Seller (at the direction of applicable Beneficial Holder) and the Purchaser each agree to execute and deliver to the other such reasonable and appropriate additional documents, instruments or agreements as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.  Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement.  The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis .
Any modification or amendment to the Clauses of this Amendment Agreement will only be effective when the Parties have agreed in advance in writing. The Parties may not change the terms of this Amendment Agreement unless in writing signed by them.
Neither Borrower nor Owner is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction which might materially and adversely affect Borrower or any Individual Owner, any Individual Property or the Collateral, or Borrower’s or Owner’s business, properties or assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise. Neither Borrower nor any Individual Owner is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Permitted Encumbrance or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any Individual Property or the Collateral is bound, or with respect to any order or decree of any court or any order, regulation or demand of any Governmental Authority, which default (individually or when aggregated with any and all such defaults) is reasonably likely to have consequences that would materially and adversely affect the condition (financial or other) or operations of Borrower or any Individual Owner or their respective properties or is reasonably likely to have consequences that would materially and adversely affect its performance hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner which the Committee determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other applicable law or the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Common Stock of the Company is listed or quoted.
ISA will withhold all applicable taxes and amounts from payments under this Agreement as required by law.
On and as of the date of the Second Initial Advance: (i) the representations of each of the Borrower, the Parent, the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary and the Servicer set forth in the Transaction Documents shall be true and correct with the same effect as if made on such date, and (ii) each of the Borrower, the Parent, the Custodian, the Securities Intermediary and the Servicer shall be in compliance with the covenants set forth in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.
The Company hereby employs and engages the services of Employee to serve as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and Employee agrees to diligently and competently serve as and perform the functions of Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for the compensation and benefits stated herein. A copy of Employee’s current job description is attached hereto as Exhibit A, and Company and Employee agree and acknowledge that Company retains the right to reasonably add to, or remove, duties and responsibilities set forth in that job description as business or other operating reasons may arise for changes to occur. It is understood that Employee will be appointed an officer of EFI and EFRI during the term of this Agreement, but that Employee’s direct employment relationship will be as an employee of EFRI.
During the term of this Agreement, Officer agrees to be employed by and to serve Corporation as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Corporation agrees to employ and retain Officer in such capacity. Officer shall have such duties and responsibilities as may be prescribed by the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer and/or the Board of Directors. Officer shall devote such of his business time, energy, and skill to the affairs of Corporation as shall be necessary to perform his duties under this Agreement. Officer shall report to Corporation’s Board of Directors and/or Chief Executive Officer and at all times during the term of this Agreement shall have powers and duties at least commensurate with his position as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Officer’s principal place of business with respect to his services to Corporation shall be within 35 miles of Nashville, Tennessee.
The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three (3) Business Days’ notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify each Lender thereof), to terminate the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that no such termination or reduction shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Credit Loans made on the effective date thereof, the Available Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender would not be greater than or equal to zero. Any such permitted reduction shall be in an amount equal to $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof and shall reduce permanently the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect.
In the scope of Consultant’s services under this Agreement, Consultant may be requested, alone or with others, to create, invent, enhance, and modify items which are or could be deemed to be Confidential Information. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that all of such information is intended to be, and will remain, the sole and exclusive property of the Company. In addition, Consultant agrees that any and all intellectual property that Consultant invents, discovers, originates, makes, conceives, creates or authors either solely or jointly with others in connection with his services under this Agreement and that is the result of or is substantially derived from Confidential Information (“Intellectual Property”) shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company unless in the public domain. When the Consultant’s services under this Agreement terminate, he shall promptly and fully disclose all such Intellectual Property to the Company, shall provide the Company with any information that it may reasonably request about such property and shall execute such agreements, assignments or other instruments as may be reasonably requested by the Company to reflect such ownership by the Company and shall fully cooperate with the Company to protect the business relationships of the Company and to insure that there will be no unreasonable interference or disruption of such business relationships.
Borrower has obtained and delivered, or has caused to be obtained and delivered, to Lender certificates evidencing all of the Policies, with all premiums paid as they become due, reflecting the insurance coverages, amounts and other requirements set forth in this Agreement. No claims are pending with respect to the Property under any of the Policies and, to Borrower’s knowledge, no Person, including Borrower, has done, by act or omission, anything which would impair the coverage of any of the Policies.
Neither the Borrowers, nor any of their respective Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, any director, officer or employee thereof, is an individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC’s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT’s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by the United States federal government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the European Union or Her Majesty’s Treasury or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction.
Each party's obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.
Guarantor shall pay on demand all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) in any way relating to the enforcement or protection of Agent’s rights under this Guaranty or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including any incurred during any “workout” or restructuring in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and any incurred in the preservation, protection or enforcement of any rights of Purchaser in any insolvency proceeding. The obligations of Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty.
The term of Employment of the Executive under this Agreement (“Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless the Executive becomes a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement or such Employment is earlier terminated as provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall expire on the last day of the second full year following the Effective Date.
Wherever in this Lease provisions are made for submitting disputes to arbitration (with the exception of disputes under Article IV above, which shall be subject to arbitration as set forth in Section 4.9 above or any dispute pursuant to Section 12.4 hereof, which shall be subject to arbitration as set forth in Section 12.8 above), the same shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of applicable state law, as from time to time amended. Arbitration proceedings, including the selection of an arbitrator, shall be conducted pursuant to the rules, regulations and procedures from time to time in effect as promulgated by the American Arbitration Association. The matter shall be resolved by arbitration to be conducted in Boston or Cambridge, Massachusetts in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as then in effect, by a panel of three (3) arbitrators, with hearings conducted as expeditiously as practicable and with no undue delay, and in no event later than sixty (60) days after the date of demand. Prior written notice of application by either party for arbitration shall be given to the other at least ten (10) days before submission of the application to the said Association’s office in Boston, Massachusetts. All of the arbitrators shall be arbitrators with at least fifteen (15) years of experience arbitrating or adjudicating the relevant type of dispute and claim. One arbitrator shall be selected and paid for by the first party to the dispute, one arbitrator shall be selected and paid for by the second party to the dispute, and the third arbitrator shall be selected by the first two arbitrators and be paid for equally by Landlord and Tenant. The determination of the arbitrators shall be made by majority vote, shall be final and binding on the parties to this Lease and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such court and further agree that any process or notice of motion or other application to the Court or a Judge thereof may be served outside the Commonwealth of Massachusetts by registered mail or by personal service, provided a reasonable time for appearance is allowed. The costs and expenses of each arbitration hereunder and their apportionment between the parties shall be determined by the arbitrator in his award or decision. Except where a specified period is referenced in this Lease, no arbitrable dispute shall be deemed to have arisen under this Lease prior to the expiration of the period of twenty (20) days after the date of the giving of written notice by the party asserting the existence of the dispute together with a description thereof sufficient for an understanding thereof. In connection with the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that the parties shall continue to perform their respective obligations under this Lease during the pending of any such arbitration proceeding hereunder (with any adjustments or reallocations to be made on account of such continued performance as determined by the arbitrators in their award or decision).
To the extent shares of Common Stock subject to the Award fail to vest pursuant to this Section 3, then the Award shall be forfeited as it relates to those shares (except as provided in Section 7 in connec tion with a Change in Control), and the Employee shall have no rights with respect thereto (including, without limitation, any rights relating to unvested accumulated dividend equivalents under Section 2).
From the Effective Date through the Closing Date, Purchaser upon becoming aware of facts that Purchaser knows constitute a breach of any representation or warranty set forth in this Agreement or which would make any of the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement untrue or misleading shall promptly notify Seller of such facts.
The Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied, based on financial statements (actual and pro forma), projections and other evidence provided by Credit Parties, or requested by the Administrative Agent, that Parent and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis), after incurring the Term Loans, will be Solvent and the Administrative Agent shall have received and shall be reasonably satisfied with a Solvency Certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Parent, on behalf of the Credit Parties, confirming the Solvency of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) after giving effect to the Transactions.
The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made as set forth in Section 4.11 of the Credit Agreement.
Except as provided below, during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control, neither the Company nor any Successor Entity may terminate this Agreement, nor may the Company or any Successor Entity amend this Agreement if any such amendment would have an adverse impact on the interests of Employee under this Agreement, in either case, without the express written consent of Employee. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, at any time prior to a Change in Control, the Board may terminate or amend this Agreement in its sole discretion from time to time and for any reason (or for no reason). Following Employee’s Qualifying Termination, no termination or amendment of this Agreement shall adversely affect the rights of Employee under this Agreement without Employee’s written consent.
Executive shall not disclose, nor have disclosed, directly or indirectly, the existence of this Agreement or the contents of this Agreement to any person until such time the Company discloses this Agreement as required under applicable law. Executive may disclose the terms of this Agreement to an “Exempt Individual,” which includes: a) his spouse, b) his attorney for purposes of obtaining legal advice, and c) his accountant or other financial advisor for purposes of obtaining tax advice, d) the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (or any government agency) as more set out in Paragraph 17 below, or e) as otherwise required by law. Executive shall advise any Exempt Individual to whom he makes such disclosure of the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement and any disclosure by such Exempt Individual shall be considered a disclosure by Executive. A violation of this provision would include any disclosure, dissemination or duplication of this Agreement or any documents provided with it, to any third party (except an Exempt Individual) including the media as well as any disclosure or publication via the internet or social media.
During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to all public holidays observed by the Company and vacation days in accordance with the applicable vacation policies for senior executives of the Company, which vacation days shall be taken at a reasonable time or times. The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks vacation per year in accordance with the general policies of the Company and subject to applicable law; provided, however, that accrual of vacation time is capped at a maximum of four (4) weeks and no more than one (1) week of any unused vacation may carry over from calendar year to calendar year.
Employee has served, and will continue to serve, as PRESIDENT and CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER of the Company. The Employee will devote his full business time, attention, skill, and energy to the business of the Company and will be a full-time employee of the Company. Employee will use the Employee’s best efforts to promote the success of the Company’s business and will cooperate fully with the Board of Directors in the advancement of the best interests of the Company. Furthermore, the Employee shall assume and competently perform such reasonable responsibilities and duties as may be assigned to the Employee from time to time by the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of the Company or their designee. To the extent that the Company shall have any parent company, subsidiaries, affiliated corporations, partnerships, or joint ventures (collectively “Related Entities”), the Employee shall perform such duties to promote these entities and to promote and protect their respective interests to the same extent as the interests of the Company without additional compensation. At all times, the Employee agrees that the Employee has read and will abide by, and prospectively will read and abide by, any employee handbook, policy, or practice that the Company or Related Entities has or hereafter adopts with respect to its employees generally.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a “ Sale and Leaseback Transaction ”), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset.
All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five (365) or three hundred sixty-six (366) days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed.  All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty-five (365) day year).  Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.11(a) , bear interest for one (1) day.  Each determination by the Lender of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
(a) Deason is competent and has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform his obligations hereunder and to consummate the Exchanges. The execution, delivery and performance by Deason of this Agreement, and the consummation by Deason of the Exchanges, have been duly authorized and no other action on the part of Deason is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by Deason of this Agreement and the consummation by Deason of the Exchanges. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Deason and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Xerox and Conduent, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Deason, enforceable against him in accordance with its terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. If Deason’s shares of Xerox Series A Preferred Stock constitute community property or spousal or other approval is otherwise required for this Agreement to be legal, valid and binding, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and the consummation by Deason of the Exchanges, have been duly authorized by, and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Deason, Xerox and Conduent, as applicable, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Deason’s spouse, enforceable against such spouse in accordance with their terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception.
Whenever the singular number is used in this Operating Agreement and when required by the context, the same shall include the plural and vice versa, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa.
The Committee may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. However, without the approval of the Company’s stockholders, there shall be (a) no increase in the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued under the Plan (except by operation of the provisions of Section 4.3), (b) no change in the class of persons eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options and (c) no other amendment of the Plan that would require approval of the Company’s stockholders under any applicable law, regulation or rule, including the rules of any stock exchange or quotation system upon which the Stock may then be listed or quoted. No amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall affect any then outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Committee. Except as provided by the next sentence, no amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan may adversely affect any then outstanding Award without the consent of the Participant. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion and without the consent of any Participant, amend the Plan or any Award Agreement, to take effect retroactively or otherwise, as it deems necessary or advisable for the purpose of conforming the Plan or such Award Agreement to any present or future law, regulation or rule applicable to the Plan, including, but not limited to, Section 409A.
In the case of Executives, generally, the Compensation Committee annually will select the Participants no later than 90 days after the beginning of a Performance Period (or, if shorter, before 25% of the Performance Period has elapsed) in accordance with Code Section 162(m). Following such selection by the Compensation Committee, the Participants will be advised they are participants in the Plan for a Performance Period.
All plans of a type described in Section 3(3) of ERISA (“ Plans ”) in respect of which Guarantor is an “employer,” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA, are in substantial compliance with ERISA, and none of such Plans is insolvent or in reorganization, has an accumulated or waived funding deficiency within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, and Guarantor has not incurred any material liability (including any material contingent liability) to or on account of any such Plan pursuant to Sections 4062, 4063, 4064, 4201 or 4204 of ERISA; and no proceedings have been instituted to terminate any such Plan, and no condition exists which presents a material risk to Guarantor of incurring a liability to or on account of any such Plan pursuant to any of the foregoing Sections of ERISA.  No Plan or trust forming a part thereof has been terminated since December 1, 1974.
The provisions of Sections 1.3, 5.1, 5.2 and Section 6.1 through 6.10 hereof shall survive the termination for any reason or expiration of this Agreement for the period described or referenced in each such Section or, if no period is described or referenced in such Section, indefinitely.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person), a Defaulting Lender or the Company or any of the Company’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the other Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 11.01(a) that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of such Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “ Participant Register ”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, email or in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same.
The obligations of each Partner under this Section 10.3 shall survive such Partner’s withdrawal from the Partnership, and each Partner agrees to execute such documentation requested by the Partnership at the time of such Partner’s withdrawal from the Partnership to acknowledge and confirm such Partner’s continuing obligations under this Section 10.3 .
If a Participant dies while employed by the Company or an Affiliated Company, payouts of all his/her outstanding Awards will be made to the Participant’s estate as provided in Section 4.5 of the Plan.  Payouts will be prorated based on the number of months that the Participant actually worked as a full-time employee for the Company or an Affiliated Company during the Program Period(s), and will be based on the extent to which the performance goals for the Program Period(s) have been satisfied.  The payout(s) will be made at the time each outstanding Award payout is due for each Program Period.  The Company’s determination with respect to payout amounts based on the above criteria shall be final and binding on the Participant’s estate.
Words used in the singular shall include the plural, and vice-versa, and any gender shall be deemed to include the other. Whenever the words “including”, “include” or “includes” are used in this Agreement, they should be interpreted in a non-exclusive manner. The captions and headings of the Sections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not be deemed to define or limit the provisions hereof. Except as otherwise indicated, all Exhibit and Section references in this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Exhibits and Sections in this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that it has had counsel of its own choosing in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement, and further acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement (a) has been reviewed by it and its counsel; (b) is the product of negotiations between the parties, and (c) shall not be deemed prepared or drafted by any one party. In the event of any dispute between the parties concerning this Agreement, the parties agree that any ambiguity in the language of the Agreement is not to be resolved against Seller or Buyer, but shall be given a reasonable interpretation in accordance with the plain meaning of the terms of this Agreement and the intent of the parties as manifested hereby.
Set forth on Schedule 3.20 is a complete and accurate list of all Intellectual Property (as defined in Section 2.20) owned or licensed by Parent, and accurately identifies all Persons from which or to which Parent licenses all such listed Intellectual Property.
Executive understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by him within twenty one (21) days of the date this Agreement is presented to him by the Company.  Executive has seven (7) days after Executive signs this Agreement to revoke it. This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after Executive signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by Executive before that date (the “ Effective Date ”).
This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof.
Each of the following events shall constitute an " Event of Default " hereunder: (a) the Borrower defaults in making any payment when the same shall become due under this Note or any of the other Loan Documents, and such default shall continue for five (5) days after the due date therefore; (b) the Borrower fails to comply with any term, covenant or agreement of this Note or any of the other Loan Documents (other than a payment default covered by subsection (a) above), and such failure shall continue for twenty (20) days from the earlier of: (i) notice from the Lender or (ii) the date on which the Borrower first becomes aware of the noncompliance; (c) the commencement of proceedings under any bankruptcy or insolvency law by or against the Borrower or any other person primarily or secondarily liable under this Note, or in respect thereof, including any person or entity who has pledged or granted to the Lender a security interest or other lien in property on behalf of the Borrower, or an inability to pay its obligations when due; (d) the commencement of any levy or sale upon or execution or other proceedings of any nature, including a foreclosure of a subordinate lien on the assets of the Borrower, whereby the owner shall or may be deprived of title or right of possession to either property or any part thereof; (e) the Borrower makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (f) a lien for the performance of work or the supply of materials is filed against the property of the Borrower and un- satisfied or unbonded for a period of thirty (30) days after the date of filing thereof; (g) the occurrence of any material adverse change in the business, operations, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, or any Collateral, which, in the opinion of the Lender, acting in good faith, impairs its security or impairs the Borrower's ability to meet its payment obligations under the Note or any other Loan Document; (h) the Borrower's dissolution or termination of existence; (i) any loss, theft, or damage to the Collateral which is not fully covered by insurance and which, in the opinion of the Lender acting in good faith, impairs its security or increases its risk; and (j) the occurrence and continuation of an "Event of Default" under the Loan Agreement. Upon an Event of Default, the Lender may, so long as such condition exists, declare the entire Loan Balance immediately due and payable, in addition to any other rights and remedies the Lender may have at law or equity, by providing written notice to the Borrower.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 18.02 , any and all notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, objections, comments, responses or other communications (each, a “ Notice ”) permitted or required to be made under this Agreement shall be in writing, signed by the party giving such Notice and shall be delivered (a) by hand (with signed confirmation of receipt), or (b) by nationally or internationally recognized overnight mail or courier service (with signed confirmation of receipt). All such Notices shall be deemed delivered, as applicable: (i) on the date of the personal delivery if delivered by 5:00 p.m., and if delivered after 5:00 p.m. then on the next business day; or (ii) on the next business day if delivered by overnight mail. Notices directed to a party shall be delivered to the parties at the addresses set forth in the List of Authorized Representatives and Notice Addresses or at such other address or addresses as may be supplied by written Notice given in conformity with the terms of this Section 18.01 .
During the term of his employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall be permitted to participate in any group life, hospitalization or disability insurance plans, health (including dental) programs, pension and profit sharing plans and similar benefits that may be available to other senior executives of the Company generally, on the same terms as may be applicable to such other executives, in each case to the extent that the Executive is eligible under the terms of such plans or programs. During the term of his employment under this Agreement, the Company or the Trust, as applicable, shall maintain customary liability insurance for trustees and officers and list the Executive as a covered officer.
In consideration of Administrative Agent's and the Lenders’ execution of this Amendment, each Loan Party, individually and on behalf of its respective successors (including any trustees acting on behalf of such Loan Party, and any debtor-in-possession with respect to such Loan Party), assigns, Subsidiaries and Affiliates, hereby forever releases Administrative Agent in its capacity as Administrative Agent and each Lender, in its capacity as lender under the DIP Credit Agreement, and their respective successors, assigns, parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates and their respective officers, employees, directors, agents and attorneys (collectively, the “ Releasees” ) from any and all debts, claims, demands, liabilities, responsibilities, disputes, causes, damages, actions and causes of actions (whether at law or in equity), and obligations of every nature whatsoever, whether liquidated or unliquidated, whether matured or unmatured, whether fixed or contingent that such Loan Party has or may have against the Releasees, or any of them, which arise from or relate to any actions which the Releasees, or any of them, have or may have taken or omitted to take in connection with the DIP Credit Agreement as amended herein or the other Loan Documents (including with respect to the Obligations and any third parties liable in whole or in part for the Obligations) in each case prior to the date hereof; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt this release does not apply to any items related to the Existing Second Lien Credit Agreement, any related loan document or the facility itself, the Senior Notes and any related indenture documentation or any claim related to the Existing Second Lien Credit Agreement, any related loan document, the Senior Notes or any related indenture documentation; provided, further, this release does not (a) apply to any release of the Releasees from any agreements, covenants, liabilities or obligations under any of the Loan Documents or in respect of the “Obligations” or (b) constitute a release of, or covenant not to sue, in respect of any Releasee arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud (actual or constructive) of any Releasee. This provision shall survive and continue in full force and effect whether or not the Loan Parties shall satisfy all other provisions of the DIP Credit Agreement as amended hereby or the other Loan Documents.
During the Restriction Period, you agree to refrain from any disparaging or negative statements or comments about the Company and its current and former employees, officers, and directors, including, without limitation, the business, products, intellectual property, financial standing, or employment/compensation/benefit practices of the Company, and the Company agrees to refrain from any disparaging or negative statements or comments about you; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to prevent either party from testifying truthfully before any court, tribunal or other legal proceeding. You understand that the Company’s non-disparagement obligations under this paragraph extend only to the Board and officers that report directly to the Company’s chief executive officer and only for so long as each individual is an employee or director of the Company.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated as set forth in this Agreement, will continue until the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date (the " Initial Term "). Unless either Party provides written notice to the other Party of its intent not to renew the Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, this Agreement shall thereafter automatically renew for successive terms of two (2) years each (each such term, a " Renewal Term " and collectively, the " Term ").
This Agreement, including any agreements referenced herein and the Certificate of Formation, which are hereby incorporated herein, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the transactions contemplated herein, and supersedes all prior understandings or agreements between the parties.
Subject to this Agreement, each officer of the Company shall have, in addition to the duties and powers specifically set forth in this Agreement, such duties and powers as are customarily incident to his or her office, and such duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the Board.
Each party hereto shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the other party and such other party's agents, beneficiaries, affiliates, representatives and their respective successors and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Persons") from and against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, taxes and costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs) (collectively, "Losses") resulting directly or indirectly from (a) any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of any of the representations and warranties of such party in this Agreement, or any actions, omissions or statements of fact inconsistent with in any material respect any such representation or warranty, (b) any failure by such party to perform or comply with any agreement, covenant or obligation in this Agreement.
(a) The Landlord’s Work shall be performed by Landlord in a good and workmanlike manner.
Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the United States and the State of California, without reference to conflict of laws principles and excluding the 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5 to be given to the holders of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be deemed given upon the earlier of actual receipt or deposit in the United States mail, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.
Any notice or communication required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing or by electronic transmission, sent in the manner provided in Section 14.2 of the Second-Out Credit Agreement, if to the Mortgagee or to a Trustor that is a party to the Second-Out Credit Agreement, to the address set forth in the Second-Out Credit Agreement and, for any other Trustor, to the address specified in Section 7.11 , or to such other address or to the attention of such other individual as hereafter shall be designated in writing by the applicable party sent in accordance herewith. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given as provided in the Second-Out Credit Agreement for notices given thereunder.
Except as otherwise provided therein, all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, County of New York (the “ New York Courts ”).  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of Company under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
In the case that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree shall remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
The Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld at the time the Bonus otherwise would be paid to the Participant, whether or not this occurs during the Plan Year itself. Annual Deferral Amounts shall be credited to the Participant’s Annual Account for such Plan Year at the time such amounts would otherwise have been paid to the Participant.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement to produce or account for more than one counterpart.
THE MORTGAGOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF ANY NATURE RELATING TO THIS MORTGAGE, ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS MORTGAGE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED IN ANY OF SUCH DOCUMENTS. THE MORTGAGOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Loan Parties or any of the Loan Parties’ Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in LC Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided , that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Agents, the Lenders and the LC Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 10.07 as if such Participant was a Lender hereunder.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation.
All obligations of the Company under the Plan and with respect to Awards shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or other event, or a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company and references to the "Company" herein and in any Award agreements shall be deemed to refer to such successors.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of Section 7 , Section 8 or Section 9 of this Agreement, the Executive hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek, equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, with the necessity of showing actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and with the necessity of posting bond or other security to move forward on legal actions. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief, understanding that should the Executive prevail, the Company will pay executive for all legal expenses, lost income, and lost opportunity costs. The only damages the executive will pay should she not prevail will be for proven losses and actual damages, excluding legal costs.
The enforceability of any agreement of a Borrower in the Credit Agreement relating to (i) indemnification, contribution or exculpation from costs, expenses or other liabilities or (ii) changes in the organizational control or ownership of such Borrower, which agreement (in the case of clause (i) or clause (ii)) is contrary to public policy or applicable law.
Each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties have the right and power, and have taken all necessary action to authorize them, to execute and deliver this Amendment and to perform their respective obligations hereunder and under the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and the other Loan Documents to which they are a party in accordance with their respective terms. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower and the Loan Parties and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its respective terms.
Stock Appreciation Rights granted to Participants other than non-employee directors that vest solely based on the passage of time shall not vest (i) prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant; (ii) as to more than one-third of the Award prior to the second anniversary of the date of grant; and (iii) as to more than two-thirds of the Award prior to the third anniversary of the date of grant. Stock Appreciation Rights granted to non-employee directors that vest solely based on the passage of time shall not vest: (i) prior to the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of grant and the date of the first annual meeting held after the date of grant; (ii) as to more than one-third of the Award prior to the earlier of the second anniversary of the date of grant and the date of the second annual meeting held after the date of grant; and (iii) as to more than two-thirds of the Award prior to the earlier of the third anniversary of the date of grant and the date of the third annual meeting held after the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board or the Committee, either at the time the Stock Appreciation Right is granted or at any time thereafter, may allow an Stock Appreciation Right to accelerate and become vested, in whole or in part, prior to the vesting date specified above, in the event of the death or disability of the Participant.  Stock Appreciation Rights that do not vest solely based on the passage of time shall not vest prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant (or, in the case of Awards to non-employee directors, the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of grant and the date of the first annual meeting held after the date of grant). The foregoing minimum vesting requirements shall not apply to Awards granted, in the aggregate, for up to 5% of the authorized number of shares specified in Section 4(a).  For the avoidance of doubt, all shares of Common Stock underlying Awards granted under the Plan shall be counted on a one-for-one basis for purposes of the minimum vesting provision set forth in this section.  The six foregoing sentences shall only apply to Stock Appreciation Rights granted on or after May 19, 2016.
Debtor , at its expense, shall keep the Collateral insured against loss or damage by fire, theft, explosion, sprinklers, and all other hazards and risks, and in such amounts, are reasonable given the nature of Debtor ’s business and the type and use of Collateral.  Debtor shall also maintain insurance relating to Debtor ’s business, ownership and use of the Collateral in amounts and of a type that are customary to businesses similar to Debtor ’s.  All such policies of insurance shall be in such form, with such companies, and in such amounts as are reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.  All such policies of property insurance shall contain a lender’s loss payable endorsement, in a form satisfactory to the Agent, showing the Agent as an additional loss payee thereof, and all liability insurance policies shall show the Agent as an additional insured and shall specify that the insurer must give at least twenty (20) days notice to the Agent before canceling its policy for any reason.  Upon the Agent’s request, Debtor shall deliver to the Agent certified copies of such policies of insurance and evidence of the payments of all premiums therefor.  All proceeds payable under any such policy shall, at the option of the Agent, be payable to the Agent to be applied on account of the Obligations in such order as the Agent shall elect.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the Confidentiality Agreements and the other agreements and documents referred to herein are intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein, the other Transaction Documents or the Confidentiality Agreements with respect to the rights granted by the Company or any of its Affiliates or the Purchasers or any of their respective Affiliates set forth herein or therein. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the Certificate of Designations, the Confidentiality Agreements and the other agreements and documents referred to herein or therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
This Agreement is the entire agreement between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the Parties hereto with respect thereto.  This Agreement may not be altered, amended, changed, terminated or modified in any respect or particular, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Party to be charged.
Tenant hereby warrant s and represent s that there were no brokers or agents involved in the transaction which resulted in this Amendment other than other than Lincoln Property Company Commercial, Inc. Services which acted as Landlord’s agent .  Tenant shall indemnify Landlord against any expense incurred by Landlord as a result of any claim for brokerage or other commissions made by any broker, finder, or agent, whether or not meritorious, employed by Tenant or claiming by, through, or under Tenant.
This Agreement, including the Annexes hereto and the sections of the Separation Agreement referenced herein, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements and understandings of the Parties of any nature, whether oral or written, with respect to such subject matter.
Subject to Section 9(c) of this Agreement, you agree that you will not disclose this Agreement or any of its terms or provisions, directly or by implication, except to members of your immediate family and to your legal and tax advisors, and then only on condition that they agree not to further disclose this Agreement or any of its terms or provision s to others.
Prior to the Discharge of Priority Lien Obligations, the Priority Lien Agent agrees that if it shall at any time hold a Priority Lien on any Collateral that can be perfected by the possession or control of such Collateral or of any Account in which such Collateral is held, and if such Collateral or any such Account is in fact in the possession or under the control of the Priority Lien Agent, the Priority Lien Agent will serve as gratuitous bailee for the Second Lien Collateral Agent for the sole purpose of perfecting the Second Lien of the Second Lien Collateral Agent on such Collateral. It is agreed that the obligations of the Priority Lien Agent and the rights of the Second Lien Collateral Agent and the other Second Lien Secured Parties in connection with any such bailment arrangement will be in all respects subject to the provisions of Article II . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Priority Lien Agent will be deemed to make no representation as to the adequacy of the steps taken by it to perfect the Second Lien on any such Collateral and shall have no responsibility, duty, obligation or liability to the Second Lien Collateral Agent, any other Second Lien Secured Party or any other Person for such perfection or failure to perfect, it being understood that the sole purpose of this Article is to enable the Second Lien Secured Parties to obtain a perfected Second Lien in such Collateral to the extent, if any, that such perfection results from the possession or control of such Collateral or any such Account by the Priority Lien Agent. The Priority Lien Agent acting pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall not have by reason of the Priority Lien Security Documents, the Second Lien Security Documents, this Agreement or any other document or theory, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Priority Lien Secured Party, the Second Lien Collateral Agent or any Second Lien Secured Party. Subject to Section 4.03 , from and after the Discharge of Priority Lien Obligations, the Priority Lien Agent shall take all such actions in its power as shall reasonably be requested by the Second Lien Collateral Agent (at the sole cost and expense of the Grantors) to transfer possession or control of such Collateral or any such Account (in each case to the extent the Second Lien Collateral Agent has a Lien on such Collateral or Account after giving effect to any prior or concurrent releases of Liens) to the Second Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of all Second Lien Secured Parties.
Any failure of Executive to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be waived only in writing by the Company, but such waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure. No failure or delay by the Company in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Whenever this Agreement requires or permits consent by or on behalf of the Company, any such written consent given by the Company shall be deemed given in a manner consistent with the requirements for a waiver of compliance as set forth in this Section 12 . No notice to or demand on Executive in any case shall entitle Executive to any other or further notice or demand in related or similar circumstances requiring such notice.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (ii) when received when sent by email or facsimile by the party to be notified, provided , however , that notice given by email or facsimile shall not be effective unless either (x) a duplicate copy of such email is confirmed by facsimile, or such facsimile is confirmed by email or (y) the receiving party delivers a written confirmation of receipt for such notice either by email or facsimile or any other method described in this Section 8(c) , or (iii) when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery).
The execution, delivery and performance of this Guarantee by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Guarantor is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Notwithstanding Section 2 above, all shares of the Restricted Stock Award shall be deemed to be vested and unrestricted and shall be distributed to the Employee in the event of a “Change in Control” of the Company, as defined in the Plan, as of the effective date of such Change in Control.
Except as set forth below, no public release or announcement concerning the transactions contemplated hereby shall be issued by any Investors without the prior written consent of the Company.
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) when delivered personally by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) when sent by facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document (with written confirmation of transmission), or (c) one (1) Business Day following the day sent by overnight courier (with written confirmation of receipt), in each case at the following addresses and facsimile numbers (or to such other address or facsimile number as a Party may have specified by notice given to the other Party pursuant to this provision).
During the Extended Term, you will continue to be entitled to participate in all employee healthcare and welfare benefits programs of the Company, in accordance with the then applicable terms, conditions and eligibility requirements of such programs that are offered from time to time to U.S. resident-based employees at your level, including medical, dental, life insurance, 401k retirement plans and other health benefit programs. During the Extended Term, you will not be eligible for any award under any incentive plan offered by the Company, including without limitation, the Omnibus Plan.
The vested RSUs will be “settled” and become payable (“Settlement Date”) as of the earliest of the following dates: (a) the Director’s service as a director terminates; (b) the date specified pursuant to a proper election in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement; or (c) such other date as provided in Section 5. Payment for the RSUs shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the Settlement Date, but in no event more than thirty (30) days thereafter (or up to ninety (90) days in the event of the Director’s death). Neither the Director (nor the beneficiary in the event of the Director’s death) shall be entitled to choose, directly or indirectly, the taxable year in which payment occurs.
The Company and its subsidiaries are corporations, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which they are incorporated.  The Company has the full corporate power and authority and all necessary certificates, licenses, approvals and Permits to: (i) enter into and execute this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and to perform all of its obligations hereunder and thereunder; and (ii) own and operate its Assets and properties and to conduct and carry on its business as and to the extent now conducted.  The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the character of its business or the ownership or use and operation of its Assets or properties requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to so qualify will not result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Each Guarantor covenants and agrees to comply with the provisions applicable to such Guarantor in Section 5.9 [Taxes], Section 8.1 [Affirmative Covenants] and Section 8.2 [Negative Covenants] of the Credit Agreement.
The Employee shall have no vested right in the Performance-Based Cash Award unless the Committee certifies that the Base Bonus Target, Target Bonus Target or Stretch Bonus Target, as applicable, has been achieved. Such achievement, as evidenced by such certification by the Committee, shall be construed by all parties as a condition related to the purpose of the compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Provided that such certification is made, and that the Employee is employed by the Company as of the Fiscal Year Date, vesting shall occur as of the day following the Fiscal Year Date. If, prior to the Fiscal Year Date, the Employee voluntarily leaves employment with the Company other than for Good Reason or is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Employee shall forfeit the entirety of the Performance-Based Cash Award otherwise payable hereunder.
If an ISO optionee ceases to be employed by the Company and all Related Corporations by reason of such optionee's death, any ISO of such optionee may be exercised, to the extent of the number of shares with respect to which the optionee could have exercised on the date of the optionee's death, by the optionee's estate, personal representative or beneficiary who has acquired the ISO by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, at any time prior to the earlier of the specified expiration date of the ISO or one year from the date of the optionee's death.
The headings of the Articles, Sections, Schedules and Exhibits of this Lease are for convenience only and do not define, limit or construe the contents thereof. Words of any gender used in this Lease shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular number shall be held to include the plural, unless the context otherwise requires. Unless otherwise expressly stated, the words “herein,” “hereof,” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Lease as a whole and not to any particular Section, subsection, or other subpart of this Lease. The words “include” and “including” shall not be construed as terms of limitation and shall, in all instances, be interpreted as meaning “including, but not limited to.” In all instances where a party is required to pay any sum or do any act at a particular indicated time or within an indicated period, it is understood that time is of the essence. Any obligations of a party accruing prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease, and such party shall promptly perform all such obligations whether or not this Lease has expired.
Executive acknowledges that should he violate the provisions of Paragraph 11 of this Agreement, it will be difficult to determine the resulting damages to the Company and that monetary damages would not be adequate in any event. In addition to any other remedies it may have, the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief without the necessity of proving actual damage. Moreover, to the extent Executive breaches this Agreement, the time periods set forth herein are continued for the period of Executive’s breach of the Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement shall be waived by any act, omission, course of dealing or knowledge of a Party or its agents except by an instrument in writing expressly waiving such provision and signed by a duly authorized officer of the waiving Party.
The Plan is the entire agreement between the Company and the CEO regarding the subject matter of the Plan and supersedes all prior bonus compensation or bonus incentive plans or any written or verbal representations regarding the subject matter of the Plan.
This Agreement is binding upon, and inures to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.
Any defined terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning and definition as is contained in the Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents, as applicable.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which, when read together, shall constitute a single instrument, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy hereof.  A composite copy of this Agreement may be compiled comprising a single copy of the text of this Agreement and one or more copies of the signature pages containing collectively the signatures of all Parties.
This Grant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws. Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement (or any provision incorporated by reference), or any judgment entered by any court in respect of any thereof, shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the state of New York or the State of Delaware, and each of the Participant, the Company, and any transferees hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding, or judgment. Each of the Participant, the Company, and any transferees hereby irrevocably waives (a) any objections which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement (or any provision incorporated by reference) brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the state of Delaware, (b) any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in any inconvenient forum and (c) any right to a jury trial.
The paragraphs and provisions of this Agreement are severable; if any paragraph or provision is found unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs and provisions will remain in full effect.
Developer shall advise all Other Members on or before the Severance Date of the conditions to the Severance Date Transactions set forth in Section 11.01(a) , and Developer shall disclose to PE Member the conditions to the Severance Date Transactions set forth in all Other Members’ development agreements (other than provisions relating to economic obligations of such Other Members) promptly after the execution of such development agreement or any amendment thereof.
The Company shall (a) by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to the Purchaser by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company and the Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with any registration statement and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
The Employee is responsible for payment of any taxes required by law to be withheld by the Company with respect to an Award. To facilitate that payment, the Company will, to the extent permitted by law, retain from the number of shares of Common Stock issued to the Employee in settlement of an LTIP Award that number of shares necessary for payment of the minimum tax withholding amount, valued at their Fair Market Value on the business day most immediately preceding the date of retention. To the extent the Company's withholding obligation cannot be satisfied by means of share withholding, the Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax obligations from any payment of any kind due to the Employee.
As of the date of this Agreement, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of the Buyer threatened against or affecting, the Buyer before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or which would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Buyer to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
Except as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have, or reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect: (1) the Company has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other written correspondence or notice from the FDA, or any other court or arbitrator or federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authority, alleging or asserting noncompliance with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. § 301 et seq.) (the “ FFDCA ”), or similar law; (2) the Company is and since January 1, 2011 has been in compliance with applicable health care laws, including without limitation, the FFDCA, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. §1320a-7b(b)), the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. §1320d et seq.), or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. §17921 et seq.) and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, and comparable state laws, and all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign health care laws relating to the regulation of the Company (collectively, “ Health Care Laws ”); (3) the Company possesses all licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Health Care Laws and/or to carry on its businesses as currently conducted (“ Authorizations ”) and such Authorizations are in full force and effect and the Company is not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (4) the Company has not received written notice of any ongoing claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local or other governmental or regulatory authority, governmental or regulatory agency or body, court, arbitrator or self-regulatory organization (each, a “ Governmental Authority ”) alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Health Care Laws or Authorizations and, to the Company’s knowledge, no Governmental Authority is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (5) the Company has not received written notice that any Governmental Authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, make a material adverse modification or revoke any Authorizations and to the Company’s knowledge no Governmental Authority is considering such action; and (6) the Company has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws or Authorizations and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete, correct and not misleading on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission).
From and after the Closing, the parties agree to execute and deliver, or to cause to be executed and delivered, all further documents and instruments and to take all further action as shall be reasonably necessary or appropriate to confirm or carry out the provisions and intent of this Agreement.
This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto, constitutes and contains the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties respecting the subject matter hereof and cancels and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous negotiations, correspondence, understandings and agreements between the Parties, whether oral or written, regarding such subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the terms and conditions of the body of this Agreement conflict with the terms and conditions of any Exhibit hereto, the terms and conditions of the body of this Agreement shall govern. No agreement or understanding varying or extending this Agreement shall be binding upon either Party, unless set forth in a writing which specifically refers to the Agreement that is signed by duly authorized officers or representatives of the respective Parties, and the provisions of the Agreement not specifically amended thereby shall remain in full force and effect.
This Amendment, together with the Agreement, sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein and supersedes all prior discussions or understandings between the parties relating to the subject matters contemplated herein.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the other terms of the Agreement, this Amendment shall govern and control.  Except as expressly set forth herein, the Agreement and its provisions shall remain in full force and effect.  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the acknowledgements, agreements and obligations of the Parties in this Section 9.18 and Sections 2.01(e), 5.03(a), 9.08, 9.09 and 9.17 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms thereof.
On all matters requiring the vote or action of the Board, any action undertaken by the Board must be authorized by the affirmative vote of (i) one or more Directors that are entitled to vote at least a majority of the Ownership Percentages except as otherwise provided in Section 8.04(c) with respect to Affiliate Transactions or (ii) at a Quorum Failure Meeting, all Directors present at such meeting except that any Affiliate Transactions shall only require the approval of the Directors present at such meeting who are not Representatives of the Interested Member.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company, the issuance and sale of the New Debenture and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as disclosed in Section 5.9 of the Disclosure Schedules, Seller is (a) in material compliance with all Applicable Laws related to the conduct of the Business in the Ordinary Course of Business or the ownership and use of the Purchased Assets, and (b) not in violation of or in default under any Order or Permit applicable to the Business or the Purchased Assets, and has not received any written notice that it is in such violation or default, in each case where such violation or default would reasonably to be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Any notice required or permitted under this Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed to have been effectively made or given if personally delivered, or if sent via U.S. mail or recognized overnight delivery service or sent via confirmed e-mail or facsimile to the Company at its headquarters, or if to the Participant, to the Participant’s last known address on file with the Company.  Any effective notice hereunder shall be deemed given on the date personally delivered, three business days after mailed via U.S. mail or one business day after it is sent via overnight delivery service or via confirmed e-mail or facsimile, as the case may be.
Before and after the end of the Term, Employer shall indemnify and hold harmless Employee from any cause of action resulting from the performance of Employee's duties under this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law. This indemnification shall include all reasonable legal costs incurred by Employee to the extent permitted by law.
Each Plan complies in all material respects with all applicable requirements of ERISA and the Code and with all applicable rulings and regulations issued under the provisions of ERISA and the Code setting forth those requirements, except for any noncompliance that could not reasonably be expected to result in an Adverse Event. No Reportable Event that is an Adverse Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Plan. All of the minimum funding standards applicable to such Plans have been satisfied and there exists no event or condition which would permit the institution of proceedings to terminate any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA (except for immaterial failures).
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), any Borrower or any Additional Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by such Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Domestic Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the currency in which such Letter of Credit shall be denominated, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, such Borrower or such Additional Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit such Borrower or such Additional Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the LC Exposure at such time shall not exceed $200,000,000, (ii) the aggregate face amount of outstanding Letters of Credit issued by each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citibank, N.A. shall not exceed respective amounts set forth in the last sentence of Section 2.18(a) and (iii) the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans plus the Dollar Equivalent of the LC Exposure, in each case at such time shall not exceed the total Commitments. No Issuing Bank shall issue, amend, renew or extend a Letter of Credit if notice has been given to such Issuing Bank by the Administrative Agent or the Required Banks that a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Issuing Banks shall provide to the Administrative Agent and, in turn, the Administrative Agent shall provide to the Banks a monthly update, in accordance with customary practices, of total LC Exposures, it being understood that the obligations of the Banks shall not be subject to the receipt of such update.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Company and Holdings shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations and all consents of other Persons, in each case that are necessary or advisable to be obtained by them, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents and each of the foregoing shall be in full force and effect and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. All applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority which would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents or the financing thereof and no action, request for stay, petition for review or rehearing, reconsideration, or appeal with respect to any of the foregoing shall be pending, and the time for any applicable agency to take action to set aside its consent on its own motion shall have expired.
Each Credit Party shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations and all consents of other Persons, in each case that are necessary or advisable in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents and the Bango Sale Agreement and each of the foregoing shall be in full force and effect and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. All applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority which would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents or the Related Agreements or the financing thereof and no action, request for stay, petition for review or rehearing, reconsideration, or appeal with respect to any of the foregoing shall be pending, and the time for any applicable agency to take action to set aside its consent on its own motion shall have expired.
You acknowledge that you have been given the opportunity to consider this Agreement for Forty-Five (45) days before signing it (the “ Consideration Period ”), in accordance with your rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”) and Older Workers Benefits Protection Act of 1970 (“OWBPA”).  To accept this Agreement, you must return a signed original or a signed PDF copy of this Agreement so that it is received by the undersigned at or before the expiration of the Consideration Period.  If you sign this Agreement before the end of the Consideration Period, you acknowledge by signing this Agreement that such decision was entirely voluntary and that you had the opportunity to consider this Agreement for the entire Consideration Period.  You are advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement.  For seven (7) days after the date when you sign this Agreement, you have the right to revoke this Agreement by written notice to the undersigned.  For such a revocation to be effective, it must be delivered so that it is received by the undersigned at or before the expiration of the seven (7) day revocation period.  This Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable during the revocation period.  This Agreement shall become effective on the first business day following the expiration of the revocation period (the “ Effective Date ”).
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to receipt of the Required Approvals and the Stockholder Approval, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither Jones, Buyer nor any of their respective Affiliates has engaged any broker, finder or investment adviser on its behalf or incurred any Liability for any brokerage or finder’s fee or commission in connection with the Transactions.
The Borrower has no Subsidiaries, and is not engaged in any joint venture or partnership with any other Person or has any equity interest in any other Person. The Borrower has no Investments in any Person other than Permitted Investments. The Parent is the only shareholder of the Borrower. There are no outstanding rights to purchase stock, options, warrants or similar rights, agreements or plans pursuant to which the Borrower may be required to issue, sell, or purchase any Stock or other equity security. Other than the Subordinated Loans, the Borrower has no outstanding Debt.
At any time during the Lease Term, if Subtenant is no longer a public company with public reporting obligations, Sublandlord may require Subtenant to provide Sublandlord with a current financial statement and financial statements of the two (2) years prior to the current financial statement year. Such statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and, if such is the normal practice of Subtenant, shall be audited by an independent certified public accountant.
No Borrower Party will, or will permit any Subsidiary of a Borrower Party to, create, assume, incur, or permit to exist or to be created, assumed, or permitted to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on any of its property, real or personal, now owned or hereafter acquired, except for Permitted Liens.
Executive acknowledges that he concurrently is executing the Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement in a form attached hereto as Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated by this reference.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
The Company recognizes that the Executive will have to incur certain out-of-pocket expenses related to his services and the Company’s business, and the Company agrees to promptly reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses necessarily incurred by him in the performance of his duties to the Company upon presentation of a voucher or documentation indicating the amount and business purposes of any such expenses. These expenses include, but are not limited to, travel, meals, entertainment, etc. Expenses that are reimbursable to the Executive under this Section 7 shall be paid to the Executive in accordance with the Company’s expense reimbursement policy but in no event later than March 15 following the calendar year in which the expense is incurred.
The headings contained in this Agreement are included for convenience only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of any provision of this Agreement.
Provided the Manager has first obtained the consent of not less than sixty-five percent (65%) of the Priority Members, the Company is hereby authorized to (a) issue an unlimited number of Class A Units and Class B Units, (b) create other classes and series of Units and (c) issue or to provide for the issuance of Units in any class or series by amending this Agreement to fix the relative rights, obligations, preferences and limitations of the Units of each such class or series, subject however, to the restrictions set forth in Section 8.1(b). Upon any issuance of Units, the Manager shall adjust the Capital Accounts of the Members as necessary to reflect such issuance.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or scanned pages shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to this Agreement.
Headings and captions used in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect.
This Agreement, which shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of each Borrower, each Agent and each Lender, shall become effective on the Restatement Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the earlier of (a) February 12, 2019, or (b) June 1, 2018, if the Unsecured Notes have not been redeemed, repaid or otherwise retired on or prior to June 1, 2018 (such earliest date, the “Term”) unless sooner terminated as herein provided. Borrowers may terminate this Agreement at any time upon twenty (20) days’ prior written notice to Administrative Agent upon payment in full of the outstanding Obligations and cash collateralization of any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof.
The furnishing of the form of this Lease shall not constitute an offer. This Lease shall become binding on Landlord and Tenant only upon its execution by and delivery to each party. Further, this Lease is subject to approval by any Mortgagee or Ground Lessee of Landlord. If Landlord can obtain said approval only upon the basis of modifications of the terms and provisions of this Lease, Landlord shall have the right to cancel this Lease if Tenant refuses to approve in writing any such modification within fifteen (15) days after Landlord's request therefor. If such right to cancel is exercised, this Lease shall thereafter be null and void, and any Security Deposit or Advanced Rent Payment made to Landlord shall be returned to Tenant and neither party shall have any liability to the other by reason of such cancellation.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof (the “ Effective Date ”) and, subject to the provisions of Section 7 below, shall have a term that continues through and including the thirty-six (36) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the “ Initial Term ”) unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee’s employment with the Company may be terminated prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any Extension Term in accordance with Section 7 of this Agreement.
No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies which they would otherwise have hereunder. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on behalf of such party.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and benefit Indemnitors and Indemnitee and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns. Any holder of the Note and any affiliate of Lender which acquires all or part of the Property by any sale, assignment or foreclosure under the Security Instrument or by deed or other assignment in lieu of foreclosure shall be a successor of this Agreement. In no event shall any Indemnitee be bound by any obligations or liabilities of any Indemnitor even if any such Indemnitee acquires ownership of all or any part of the Property.
This Agreement contains the complete understanding between the Parties as to the subject matter contained herein, and no other promises or agreements shall be binding unless signed by both an authorized representative of the Company and Employee.  In signing this Agreement, the Parties are not relying on any fact, statement, or assumption not set forth in this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee understands and agrees that Section 4 (Confidential Information and Privileged Information), Section 5 (Non-Competition), Section 8 (409A Compliance), Section 9 (Uniqueness of Services; Acknowledgments), Section 10 (Further Acknowledgments), Section 11 (Notices), and Section 17 (Dispute Resolution) of the Employment Agreement remain in full force and effect after the Separation Date, are not superseded by this Agreement, and are incorporated herein by reference.
This Agreement and any Ancillary Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  This Agreement and any Ancillary Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile transmission or as an attachment to an electronic mail message in "pdf" or similar format, shall be treated in all manners and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same and binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.  At the request of any party hereto or to any Ancillary Agreement, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties.
This Amendment, which may be executed in multiple counterparts, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties regarding the matters contained herein and shall not be modified by any prior oral or written discussions.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g. PDF by email) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  The Loan Parties hereby ratify, confirm and reaffirm all of the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, and each of the other Loan Documents to which they are a party, and further acknowledge and agree that all of the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents to which they are a party shall remain in full force and effect, except as expressly provided in this Amendment.  Any determination that any provision of this Amendment or any application hereof is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect and in any instance shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other instance, or the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provisions of this Amendment.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective for the period beginning on the date on which the Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective and ending on the date that all of the Registrable Securities registered under the Shelf Registration Statement cease to be Registrable Securities. During the period that the Shelf Registration Statement is effective, the Company shall supplement or make amendments to the Shelf Registration Statement, if required by the Securities Act or if reasonably requested by the Holders (whether or not required by the form on which the securities are being registered), including to reflect any specific plan of distribution or method of sale, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have such supplements and amendments declared effective, if required, as soon as practicable after filing.
Tenant shall, at its expense, make any alterations or modifications to the Premises that are required by Legal Requirements, including the ADA. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, Tenant shall be responsible for any and all demands, claims, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses, actions, causes of action, damages or judgments, and all reasonable expenses incurred in investigating or resisting the same (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, charges and disbursements and costs of suit) (collectively, “ Claims ”) arising out of or in connection with Legal Requirements, and Tenant shall indemnify, defend, hold and save Landlord harmless from and against any and all Claims arising out of or in connection with any failure of the Premises to comply with any Legal Requirement.
(a)  The Borrower and each Subsidiary will comply with all Requirements of Law with respect to it or its assets, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Each party hereto shall execute and deliver after the date hereof such instruments and take such other actions as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent of this Agreement or to better evidence or effectuate the transactions contemplated herein.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania.
Failure by either party to enforce any term of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other term in this Agreement or any other agreement that may be in place between the parties.
Except as set forth in the US Lighting Financial Statements, no officer, director, employee or of US Lighting or any Affiliate of any such Person, has or has had, either directly or indirectly, an interest in any transaction with US Lighting (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any Contract or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any such Person or, to the Knowledge of US Lighting, any entity in which any such Person has an interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.
All payments made by any Guarantor hereunder will be made without setoff, counterclaim or other defense and on the same basis as payments are made by each Borrower under Sections 2.16 and 2.17 of the Credit Agreement.
Each Party hereto, at the request of the other Party hereto and without additional consideration, shall execute and deliver to the requesting Party all such further assignments, deeds, agreements, contracts, instruments and other documents as the requesting Party may reasonably request in order to perform, accomplish, perfect or record, if reasonably necessary, the assignment and conveyance to Assignee of the Assets acquired by Assignee hereunder as contemplated by this Assignment, to otherwise carry out the intention of this Assignment.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party (i) are within its corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (iii) require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Official Body or official thereof (except as contemplated by the Transfer and Administration Agreement, all of which have been (or as of the Closing Date will have been) duly made and in full force and effect), other than any such action or approval as may be required pursuant to the laws of any Official Body outside of the United States in connection with any Foreign Receivable, (iv) do not contravene or constitute a default under (A) its organizational documents, (B) any Law applicable to it, (C) any provision of any indenture, agreement or other instrument evidencing material Indebtedness to which it is a party or by which any of its property may be bound or (D) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction, decree or other instrument binding on or affecting it or its property except, with respect to clauses (B), (C) and (D) above, to the extent the contravention or default under such Law, contractual restriction, order, writ, judgment, award, injunction, decree or other instrument would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (v) result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon or with respect to its property (except as contemplated by the Transaction Documents).
The agreements in this Section 11.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 11.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of this Agreement and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
The Ground Lease has been recorded. There have not been amendments or modifications to the terms of the Ground Lease since its recordation, with the exception of written instruments which have been recorded. Attached hereto as Exhibit A-2 is a true, correct and complete copy of the Ground Lease.
This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the occurrence of the Discharge Date in accordance with the Credit Agreement, (b) be binding upon Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Lender Parties and their successors, transferees and assigns.
As a condition of continuing employment, Executive agrees to read, sign and abide by Company’s Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, which is provided with this Agreement and incorporated herein by reference.
(a) The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company as at December 31, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by a report thereon by Grant Thornton LLP (collectively, the “ Financial Statements ”), present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as at such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the fiscal year then ended. All such Financial Statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”) applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as disclosed therein).
This Guaranty may not be amended except in a writing signed by the Requisite Lenders (or all of the Lenders if required under the terms of the Term Loan Agreement), the Administrative Agent and each Guarantor subject to Section 13.17 of the Term Loan Agreement; provided , however , that any Subsidiary Guarantor may be released hereunder in accordance with the terms of Section 8.14.(c) of the Term Loan Agreement and any Subsidiary may become a Guarantor hereunder by executing and delivering an Accession Agreement in accordance with Section 8.14.(a) of the Term Loan Agreement.
Holder has all requisite power and has taken all requisite action required of it to carry out and perform all of its obligations hereunder.  The execution and delivery of this Warrant has been duly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of Holder and constitutes the valid and binding agreement of Holder, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and (ii) as limited by equitable principles generally. The consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and the fulfillment of the terms herein will not result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of Holder's constitutional documents or instruments. Any person executing this Warrant on behalf of Holder is a duly authorized officer of Holder with all necessary legal authority to bind Holder generally and with the specific legal authority to cause Holder to execute and deliver this Warrant.
Neither the Participant, his Designated Beneficiary, nor his legal representative shall have any rights to sell, assign, transfer, or otherwise convey the right to receive the payment of any SERP Benefit due hereunder, which payment and the right thereto are expressly declared to be nonassignable and nontransferable. Any attempt to assign or transfer the right to payment under the Plan shall be null and void and of no effect.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given in the MIPA.
The date upon which the Executive’s employment with the Company under this Agreement is deemed to be terminated in accordance with any of the provisions of this Section 6 is referred to herein as the “ Termination Date .” With respect to any payment or benefits that would be considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A (“ Section 409A ”) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ Code ”), and which are payable upon or following a termination of employment, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred unless such termination also constitutes a “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 409A and the regulations thereunder (a “ Separation from Service ”), and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the date on which a Separation from Service takes place shall be the Termination Date.
For purposes of satisfying Section 13 of the Note, the undersigned Holder hereby consents to the amendments provided in this Amendment and further consents to the amendments associated with all other presently outstanding similar Notes issued in the related offering by the Company, on the same terms and conditions as provided in this Amendment.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties concerning the Property and supersedes all prior agreements or undertakings.
(a) During the five year period prior to each date as of which this representation is made, or deemed made, with respect to any Plan, none of the following events or conditions, either individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect: ( i ) a Reportable Event, ( ii ) a failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), ( iii ) any noncompliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA or the Code, ( iv ) a termination of a Single Employer Plan (other than a standard termination pursuant to Section 4041(b) of ERISA), ( v ) a Lien on the property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in favor of the PBGC or a Plan, ( vi ) a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan by the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity, ( vii ) the ERISA Reorganization or Insolvency of any Multiemployer Plan; or ( viii ) any transactions that resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in any liability to the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity under Section 4069 of ERISA or Section 4212(c) of ERISA.
(a) Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings specified in the Credit Agreement. All terms defined in the Uniform Commercial Code and not defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified therein; the term “instrument” shall have the meaning specified in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code.
(a)  Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower or the applicable other Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.16), the amounts received with respect to this Agreement equal the sum which would have been received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
Each party hereto shall execute and deliver both before and after the Closing such further certificates, agreements and other documents and take such other actions as the other parties may reasonably request which are necessary or appropriate to consummate or implement the transactions contemplated hereby. During the Interim Period, Seller and Oncor shall take such actions as the Purchaser may reasonably request to prepare for the commencement of the dissolution of Seller following the Closing; provided , however , that in no event shall Seller or Oncor be required to take any action that would (a) result in the dissolution of Seller other than in the manner contemplated by Section 6.7 or (b) result in the sale or distribution of any asset of Seller or the incurrence of any liability by Seller.
The internal laws of the State of Wisconsin (without reference to its principles of conflicts of law) govern the construction, interpretation and other matters arising out of or in connection with this IP Agreement and each of the exhibits and schedules hereto (whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise).
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting to the Board of Directors (the " Board "). In such position, the Executive shall have such duties, authority, and responsibility as shall be determined from time to time by the Board, which duties, authority, and responsibility are consistent with the Executive's position. The Executive shall also serve as a member of the Board for no additional compensation.
Except to the extent otherwise expressly provided therein, this Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any Law other than the Laws of the State of New York (other than any mandatory provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York relating to the Law governing perfection and the effect of perfection of the security interests granted under the Loan Documents), provided however , that if and only to the extent that any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Creditors pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be deemed exempt from the provisions of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York by virtue of Borrower being a governmental entity, then such security interest shall be governed by the corresponding provisions of Article 9 of the Tribe’s Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted by the UCC Ordinance. Borrower and each other party hereto each hereby consents to the application of New York civil law to the construction, interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to the application of New York civil law to the procedural aspects of any suit, action or proceeding relating thereto, including but not limited to legal process, execution of judgments and other legal remedies, except for any procedural matters governed by or relating to the conduct of arbitration under Section 5.05 . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party are each “Contracts of the Tribal Gaming Authority” within the meaning of Section 1 of Article XIII (entitled “Tribal Gaming Authority Amendment”) of the Constitution.
Manna Pro shall pay all invoiced amounts contained in invoices submitted to Manna Pro for Products delivered during the invoice period; provided, however , that if Manna Pro believes in good faith that any portion of an invoice is inaccurate, Manna Pro shall notify Oculus promptly of any amount Manna Pro believes in good faith does not correctly correspond to the corresponding purchase order(s), Manna Pro will pay such portion of the invoice that is not disputed, the parties agree to work together promptly to rectify any inaccuracy, and Manna Pro agrees to any all remaining portions of any invoice promptly after resolution of any disputed amounts. Payment shall be due thirty (30) days after receipt of such invoices by Manna Pro; and provided further , that should Manna Pro pay such invoices within ten (10) days after receipt, a [ ]† percent ([ ]†%) discount shall apply, and Manna Pro shall pay only [ ]† percent ([ ]†%) of the invoiced amount, which shall be considered payment in full of such invoice.
This Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that nothing herein shall void or otherwise relieve Buyer from its obligations under that certain Confidentiality Agreement dated September 9, 2015 and joinder thereto dated September 30, 2015, which shall remain in full force and effect after Closing in accordance with the terms thereof.
As of the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Transactions), no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.21 , and all of the outstanding Equity Interests owned by the Loan Parties (or a Subsidiary of any Loan Party) in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and all Equity Interests owned by a Loan Party in such Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) are owned free and clear of all Liens except (i) those created under the Collateral Documents and (ii) any Lien that is permitted under Section 7.01 . As of the Closing Date, Sections IA and IIA of the Perfection Certificate (a) set forth the name and jurisdiction of each Domestic Subsidiary that is a Loan Party and (b) set forth the ownership interest of each Holding Company, each Borrower and any other Guarantor in each wholly owned Subsidiary (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries), including the percentage of such ownership.
Section headings in this Guaranty are provided for convenience of reference only and shall not affect its construction or interpretation.
This Agreement is entered into under the laws of the State of Minnesota and shall be construed and interpreted thereunder (without regard to its conflicts of law principles).
The Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. Such vacation shall be taken at a time or times acceptable to the Company. The Employee shall be allowed to carry forward any unused vacation into the next calendar year for up to one (1) month with the prior written approval of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
Each Borrower has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Loan Documents (as amended or modified hereby) to which it is a party. The execution, delivery, and performance by each Borrower of this Amendment have been duly approved by all necessary corporate action, have received all necessary governmental approval, if any, and do not contravene (i) any law or (ii) any contractual restriction binding on such Borrower, except for contraventions of contractual restrictions which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
All costs and expenses including attorneys’ fees (which in the case of clauses (b) and (e) shall be reasonable) and disbursements incurred by Agent on its behalf or on behalf of Lenders (a) in all efforts made to enforce payment of any Obligation or effect collection of any Collateral or enforcement of this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or (b) in connection with the entering into, modification, amendment and administration of this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or any consents or waivers hereunder or thereunder and all related agreements, documents and instruments, or (c) in instituting, maintaining, preserving, enforcing and foreclosing on Agent’s security interest in or Lien on any of the Collateral, or maintaining, preserving or enforcing any of Agent’s or any Lender’s rights hereunder or under any of the Other Documents and under all related agreements, documents and instruments, whether through judicial proceedings or otherwise, or (d) in defending or prosecuting any actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to Agent’s or any Lender’s transactions with any Borrower or any Guarantor or (e) in connection with any advice given to Agent or any Lender with respect to its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any of the Other Documents and all related agreements, documents and instruments shall be part of the Obligations.
The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which the receipt of this Award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event.  The Company shall have the authority to cause the minimum required tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued to the Grantee a number of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due.
The Loan Parties will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, execute any and all further documents, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions, which may be required under any applicable Requirement of Law, or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties.
DEBTOR HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY COURT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING OR ANY MATTER ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE TRANSACTION OF WHICH THIS AGREEMENT IS A PART AND/OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF ITS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.  DEBTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT MAKES THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND ONLY AFTER CONSIDERATION OF THE RAMIFICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER WITH ITS ATTORNEY.
You will be eligible to participate in all other Newell employee benefit plans available to other senior executives in accordance with the terms of such plans. These benefits include but are not limited to: wellness and disease management programs, Work-Life Support Program, dependent day care flexible spending, short- and long-term disability, critical illness, legal support program, adoption assistance, tuition assistance, NewellFlex, emergency evacuation and medical assistance while traveling abroad for business, long-term care insurance, employee discount programs, commuter transit flexible spending, identity theft protection, and more.
Any notice or other communication required or permitted pursuant to the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States Mail, first class, postage prepaid, addressed to the intended recipient at his or her last known address (which in the case of an Executive shall be the address specified by him or her in any written notice provided to the Company in accordance with this Section 8.17).
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance, the reservation for issuance and the delivery of the Shares and the provision to the Purchaser of the rights contemplated by the Transaction Documents) will not (a) result in a violation of the certificate of incorporation, the by-laws or any equivalent organizational document of the Company or any Subsidiary (the “ Charter Documents ”) or require the approval of the Company’s stockholders, (b) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give rise to any right of termination, acceleration or cancellation under, any Material Contract to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, (c) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, (d) result in a violation of or require stockholder approval under any rule or regulation of The NASDAQ Stock Market, or (e) result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the Company’s or any of its Subsidiary’s assets, except, in the case of subsections (b), (c) and (e), which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is (i) in violation of its Charter Documents, (ii) in default (and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would cause the Company or any Subsidiary to be in default) under, nor has there occurred any event, other than those contemplated by the Merger Agreement, giving others (with notice or lapse of time or both) any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received written notice of a claim that it is in default under, or that it is in violation of, any Material Contract (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) in violation of, or in receipt of written notice that it is in violation of, any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity, except where the violation would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iv) in violation of any order of any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over the Company or any Subsidiary or any of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s properties or assets.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MARITIME ACT OF THE REPUBLIC OF THE MARSHALL ISLANDS AND THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, AND OTHERWISE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE. STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.
(a) Wherever pursuant to this Agreement (i) Lender exercises any right given to it to approve or disapprove, (ii) any arrangement or term is to be satisfactory to Lender, or (iii) any other decision or determination is to be made by Lender, the decision of Lender to approve or disapprove, all decisions that arrangements or terms are satisfactory or not satisfactory and all other decisions and determinations made by Lender, shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of Lender, except as may be otherwise expressly and specifically provided herein.
Each party hereto agrees to execute and deliver such other documents, certificates, agreements and other writings and to take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order to consummate or implement expeditiously the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The Executive shall be entitled to no less than four weeks of vacation (or such greater vacation benefits as may be provided in the future by the Board or the Compensation Committee) during each year during the term of this Agreement and any extensions thereof, prorated for partial years.  All time away shall be scheduled with the Company.  The Company shall reimburse the Executive for weekly (first class ticket) air travel between Ft. Myers, Florida and Nashville, Tennessee, together with a gross-up payment for any income taxes that he incurs as a result of such reimbursement.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement is made, and the RSUs are granted, pursuant to the Plan and are in all respects limited by and subject to the express provisions of the Plan, as amended from time to time. To the extent any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent or in conflict with any term or provision of the Plan, the Plan shall govern. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of the Plan, this Agreement and any such rules and regulations adopted by the Committee for purposes of administering the Plan, shall be final and binding upon the Participant and all other persons.
The titles and section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpreting this Agreement.
As of May 12, 2016 and the date hereof, the capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g)(1) , which Schedule 3.1(g)(1) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g) , the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock incentive plans outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g) , no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth in Schedules 3.1(g)(1) and (2) , there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Other than the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g) , there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders. To the knowledge of the Company, except as disclosed in Schedules 3.1(g)(1) and (2) hereto, no Person or group of related Persons beneficially owns (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), or has the right to acquire, by agreement with or by obligation binding upon the Company, beneficial ownership in excess of 5% of the outstanding Common Stock .
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. Any dispute relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Delaware or the Federal Courts located therein, and the parties agree not to contest the jurisdiction of such courts. The parties hereby waive their respective rights to a trial by jury.
The Administrative Agents shall have received copies of signature pages to this Second Amendment, duly executed and delivered (including by way of facsimile or other electronic transmission) by each Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Required Lenders, and acknowledged by each of the other Loan Parties.
The Executive shall continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. The Executive shall be responsible for all duties customarily associated with a Chief Executive Officer in a publicly-traded company. The Executive shall report directly to the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) and shall be subject to reasonable policies established by the Board. During the Term of Employment the Executive will also serve on the Company’s Board of Directors to the extent elected by the stockholders of the Company.
If You did not have a Separation from Service before the date, if any, on which a “change in control event” occurs (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i) & (ii)), then, except as otherwise provided in Your employment agreement with the Company, if applicable, any Restricted Stock Units that did not become non-forfeitable before a Change in Control will become non-forfeitable upon termination of employment (i) by the Company without Cause, (ii) by You for Good Reason, (iii) on account of death, (iv) on account of Disability, or (v) on account of Your Retirement, in each case, if such termination occurs on or within 2 years following a Change in Control.
No delay or omission on the part of the Agent or any Lender in exercising any rights hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such rights or any other rights, and no waiver of any right on any one occasion shall result in a waiver of such right on any future occasion or of any other rights; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.
As soon as practicable following the Vesting Date (or such earlier date of vesting), subject to annual written certification by the Committee of the level of achievement of the respective Performance Goals for each of the Performance Periods, each of your earned PVRSUs, together with Dividend Equivalents (as defined in Section 10) on such PVRSUs earned as of such date (based upon the degree of attainment of the relevant Performance Goals), will be converted to an equal number of shares of Common Stock (provided the threshold level of performance is attained). Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, any payment with respect to the Award shall be paid in shares of Common Stock, after the satisfactory payment of applicable withholding taxes as set forth in Section 10, as soon as practicable (but not more than 30 days) following the applicable date of vesting, except as otherwise provided in Section 5(f). You will have all rights as a stockholder with respect to such shares from and after the issuance of the shares to you.
The Company will pay all reasonable Registration Expenses as determined in good faith. In addition, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.06 hereof, the Company shall not be responsible for legal fees incurred by Holders in connection with the exercise of such Holders’ rights hereunder.
This Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto without the written consent of the other party; provided , that Advisor shall be entitled to assign this Agreement to any Affiliate of Advisor. Any assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any equity incentive plan of the Company.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, the Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without the Participant’s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares.
T his A g ree m e nt s e ts f o r th the e nti r e a g r ee m e nt a nd und er st a ndi n g b e t w e e n t he Comp a n y a nd me r e l a ting to the subj ec t m a tt e r h ere in a nd m er g e s a ll p r i or dis c ussions b e t wee n us. N o modi f i ca tion or a m e n dm e nt to this A g r e e m e nt, nor a n y wa i v e r of a n y r i g hts und e r this A g ree m e nt, w ill be ef f ec tive unl e ss approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and in wr iting si g n e d b y the Company’s General Counsel and me. A n y subs e qu e nt c h a n ge or c h a ng e s in m y duti e s, obl i g a tions, r i g hts or c om p e ns a tion w ill not affec t the v a lidi t y or s c o p e of this A g ree m e nt.
The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser and, where applicable, its directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and shareholders (each, an “ Indemnitee ”) from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all fees, costs and expenses whatsoever reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim, lawsuit, administrative proceeding or investigation whether commenced or threatened) (the “ Indemnified Liabilities ”), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (i) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company or any Subsidiary in any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary contained in any of the Transaction Documents or (iii) any cause of action, suit, proceeding or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary) or which otherwise involves such Indemnitee that arises out of or results from (A) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents, (B) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (C) the status of such Purchaser or holder of the Securities either as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or as a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, as a party in interest or otherwise in any action or proceeding for injunctive or other equitable relief). To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law.
As a condition of receiving any and all amounts payable and benefits or additional rights provided pursuant to this Agreement beyond the Accrued Benefits, Executive must execute and deliver to the Company and not revoke a general release of claims in favor of the Company in substantially the form attached on Exhibit A hereto. Such release must be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation, if applicable) within sixty (60) days following Executive’s Date of Termination. The Company shall deliver to Executive the appropriate form of release of claims for Executive to execute within five (5) business days following the Date of Termination.
Each of the parties to this Agreement shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each party to this Agreement, at the reasonable request of another party to this Agreement, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting the consummation of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives, and permitted assigns.
THIS IP SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS IP SECURITY AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
The Business Properties comprise all the land and buildings leased, controlled, occupied or used by the Seller in relation to the Business. The information in respect of the Business Properties set out in the Disclosed Information is accurate in all respects.
The Company shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against the Company, and without notice to or further assent by the Company, any demand for payment of any of the Obligations made by the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or as applicable another Secured Party may be rescinded by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders or as applicable another Secured Party, and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations, or the liability of any other party upon or for any part thereof, or any guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or as applicable another Secured Party, and any Loan Documents and any other documents executed and delivered in connection with the Obligations may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, in accordance with the provisions thereof as the Administrative Agent (or the Required Lenders, as the case may be) may deem advisable from time to time, and any guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or as applicable another Secured Party for the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. None of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or as applicable another Secured Party shall have any obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by it as security for the Obligations or for this Agreement or any property subject thereto. When making any demand hereunder against the Company, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or as applicable another Secured Party may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on any other guarantor, and any failure by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or as applicable another Secured Party to make any such demand or to collect any payments from any other guarantor or any release of the Borrowers or such other guarantor shall not relieve the Company of its obligations or liabilities hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, express or implied, or as a matter of law, of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or as applicable another Secured Party against the Company. For the purposes hereof “demand” shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.
This Termination Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
A Participant shall be entitled to benefits under this Appendix only if the Participant retires or otherwise terminates employment with the Company and its Affiliates on or after the Participant’s attainment of age fifty-five (55) and on or after the date on which the Participant has completed ten (10) years of service.  For purposes of this Plan, a Participant shall be credited with years of service equal to the Participant’s years of Vesting Service credited under the Savings Plan, provided that years of service with York International Corporation (or any affiliate thereof) prior to January 1, 2006 shall not be counted as years of service hereunder.  In the event that a Participant’s employment is terminated, including due to death, prior to satisfying the vesting requirements of this paragraph, no benefit shall be payable from this Appendix.
Except, in each case, as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries own, license or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, licenses, technology, software, know-how database rights, design rights and other rights to Intellectual Property that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their businesses as currently conducted, and, without conflict with the rights of any Person. No Intellectual Property, advertising, product, process, method, substance, part or other material used by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the operation of its business as currently conducted infringes upon any rights held by any Person except for such infringements, individually or in the aggregate, which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the Intellectual Property is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
In consideration of the Company’s promises in this Agreement, Executive agrees to execute the Waiver and General Release attached hereto as Exhibit “A” no sooner than his Termination Date and no later than the conclusion of the twenty-first (21 st ) day after the Delivery Date. By signing this Agreement, Executive is agreeing that once seven (7) days have passed from the date he signs the Waiver and General Release, he will not attempt to revoke or rescind the Waiver and General Release at any time in the future. In addition, Executive is representing that he fully understands the terms of this Agreement and the Waiver and General Release and that he has had an opportunity to seek legal advice regarding the Waiver and General Release under this Agreement, if he desires to do so, before signing these documents. Executive is also representing to the Company that he has not commenced any action or filed any administrative charge or complaint against the Company in regard to his employment between the Termination Date and the date he signs the Agreement and Waiver and General Release.
Purchaser is a duly organized and validly existing entity in its jurisdiction of organization or formation and in good standing under the laws of the State of its jurisdiction of formation or organization, and is (or will be by each applicable Closing) qualified to do business and in good standing under the laws of the States where qualification is required.
(a)  Commitment fees and interest in respect of ABR Loans based upon clause (a) of the definition of ABR shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day).  Interest in respect of Eurocurrency Loans, Bid Loans and ABR Loans based upon clause (b) or (c) of the definition of ABR and Letter of Credit Fees shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day), provided, that interest in respect of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year for actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of each determination of a Eurocurrency Rate.  Any change in the interest rate on a Committed Rate Loan resulting from a change in the ABR shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change in the ABR shall become effective.  The Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of the effective date and the amount of each such change.
Each of Sublandlord and Subtenant represents and warrants to the other that except for Cushman & Wakefield (“ Broker ”) it has not dealt with any broker in connection with this Sublease, and each agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the other harmless from and against any breach of said representation and warranty. Per a separate agreement, Sublandlord shall pay any fees of the Broker associated with this Sublease.
Purchaser may not assign its rights under this Agreement without first obtaining Seller’s written approval, which approval may be given or withheld in Seller’s sole discretion. Any transfer, directly or indirectly, of any stock, partnership interest or other ownership interest in Purchaser without Seller’s written approval, which approval may be given or withheld in Seller’s sole discretion, shall constitute a default by Purchaser under this Agreement. Without limitation of the foregoing, no assignment by Purchaser shall relieve Purchaser of any of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may assign all of its interest in this Agreement on or before the Closing Date to an entity (a “Purchaser Assignee”) that is owned and controlled by or is under common ownership and control with Purchaser, so long as (i) Purchaser notifies Seller not less than five (5) business days prior to the Closing Date of such assignment (including the exact name and signature block of the proposed transferee), and (ii) Purchaser and Purchaser Assignee execute and deliver an assignment and assumption agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to Seller, pursuant to which Purchaser Assignee remakes all of Purchaser’s representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the transferor shall not be released from the obligations of “Purchaser” hereunder.
If any of the Premises shall be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the Mortgagor in a transaction permitted by the Credit Agreement, then the Mortgagee, at the request of the Mortgagor, shall execute and deliver to the Mortgagor all releases or other documents reasonably necessary or desirable for the release of the Liens created hereby on the Premises.  The Mortgagor shall deliver to the Mortgagee prior to the date of the proposed release, a written request for release.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Collateral Agent or any Granting Party hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in Section 11.2 of the Credit Agreement; provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to such Guarantor at its notice address set forth on Schedule 1 , unless and until such Guarantor shall change such address by notice to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 11.2 of the Credit Agreement.
Steipp further acknowledges and agrees with the Company that the particular matters referred to in this Agreement are of such nature that in the event of a threatened or actual violation thereof, proof of damages would be extremely difficult. Therefore, in the event of the breach or threatened breach by Steipp of the covenants contained in this Release, Steipp agrees that the Company shall be entitled to injunctions, both preliminary and final, without bond or security, enjoining and restraining such breach or threatened breach and such remedies shall be in addition to all other remedies which may be available to the Company either at law or in equity. The Company and Steipp agree and acknowledge that a violation of the covenants contained herein shall cause the Company to suffer irreparable damages, including the potential inability of the Company to prove specific money damages and Steipp agrees that he is estopped from subsequently asserting in any action to enforce the provisions of the covenants contained herein that the Company has an adequate remedy at law and therefore is not entitled to injunctive relief. However, no claim of breach of Article 5 by Company shall relieve it of the other obligations to Steipp in this Release.
The Participant shall make appropriate arrangements with the Employer for satisfaction of any federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements, Social Security and other employment tax or other requirements applicable to the granting, crediting, vesting or payment of benefits under the Plan. If no arrangement is made or if such arrangement is insufficient in satisfying such applicable requirements, the Employer may provide, at its complete and sole discretion, for such withholding, tax, and other payments as may be required, including, without limitation, by the reduction of amounts otherwise payable to the Participant. If the Employer pays such amounts on behalf of the Participant or a Beneficiary, the Employer shall be entitled to recover such amounts on demand with interest at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate compounded monthly.
Each of AMYRIS and Company shall promptly notify the other in writing of any existing or threatened infringement or misappropriation by any Third Party of any AMYRIS Licensed IP licensed to Company under this Agreement, which infringement or misappropriation could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company or its designees to Make and/or Sell one or more JV Jet Products (“ Infringement ”) of which it becomes aware, and upon reasonable request (and subject to an applicable common interest agreement) shall provide all evidence in its possession demonstrating such Infringement (other than information that such Party is prevented from disclosing due to confidentiality or other similar obligations).
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement will remain in effect for a period commencing on the Employment Date and ending on the fourth (4th) anniversary thereof (the “ Term ”). Upon a termination of employment and to the extent requested in writing by the Company, you agree to resign from all positions you may hold with the Company at such time (including as a member of the Board). You will be appointed to the Board as a director for each year of the Term. During the Term you will be expected to devote your full working time and attention to the business of the Company, and you will not render services to any other business without the prior written approval of the Board.
This Agreement shall commence on the effective date indicated by Health Plan on the signature page of this Agreement (“Effective Date”) and shall continue in effect for one year; thereafter, it shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year‌‌ terms unless and until terminated by either party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or in accordance with applicable provisions set forth in the attachments.
DanDrit does not have any insurance policies in effect, except for the Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance. No claims have been made, no claims are outstanding and no fact or circumstance exists which may give rise to a claim under DanDrit’s insurance policies.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey. Any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement shall be commenced exclusively either in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey or in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
Schedule 3.21 sets forth a true, complete and correct description of all material insurance maintained by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower or the Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date. As of the Closing Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance, to the extent due, have been paid. The insurance maintained by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower , each other First Tier Covenant Party or the Subsidiaries is in full force and effect in all material respects in accordance with its terms and complies with the requirements set forth in Section 5.02.
Except as provided Section 2(f) of this Agreement, neither party hereto shall have the right to assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party.
The Company shall reimburse the lead Buyer for all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by it or its affiliates in connection with the structuring, documentation, negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, as applicable, $35,000 for legal fees of outside counsel and disbursements of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to the lead Buyer, any other reasonable fees and expenses in connection with the structuring, documentation, negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and due diligence and regulatory filings in connection therewith) (the “ Transaction Expenses ”) which shall be withheld by the lead Buyer from its Purchase Price at the Closing.  The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agent’s fees in accordance with the terms of the Placement Agent Agreement, financial advisory fees, Control Account Bank fees, transfer agent fees, DTC (as defined below) fees or broker’s commissions (other than for Persons engaged by any Buyer) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to the Placement Agent, who is the Company’s sole placement agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Placement Agent Agreement).  The Company shall pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any claim relating to any such payment.  Except as otherwise set forth in the Transaction Documents, each party to this Agreement shall bear its own expenses in connection with the sale of the Securities to the Buyers.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 8, the Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to the number of Option Shares specified on the Vesting Date(s) set forth above, in each case provided that the Optionee has been in continuous service with the Company from the Date of Grant through such Vesting Date(s). If the Optionee’s service terminates due to Optionee’s death or Disability (as defined below), the Option shall fully vest and be exercisable with respect to all Option Shares. Any portion of the Option that is not vested as of the date of the Optionee’s termination of service shall be cancelled and forfeited at the time of such termination of service. Except as set forth in Sections 7 or 8 hereof, once exercisable the Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior to the Expiration Date (subject to applicable securities laws and Company policy).
This Services Agreement may be executed in four counterparts, in original all of which shall be considered one and the same Services Agreement, and all of which shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Party.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and merges, supersedes and replaces all other such prior written or oral agreements, understandings or arrangements relating to such subject matter. Employee acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement, Employee does not rely and has not relied on any statements or representations not contained in this Agreement.
This Third Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same document. A facsimile or portable document format (PDF) signature on this Third Amendment shall be equivalent to, and have the same force and effect as, an original signature.
The Company and the Executive are parties to an Indemnification Agreement, dated January 4, 2016 (the “ Indemnification Agreement ”), which shall continue in force and effect in accordance with its terms.
In the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock, without the receipt of consideration by the Company, by reason of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or distribution, recapitalization, merger, reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares or other change in corporate structure affecting the Common Stock and not involving the receipt of consideration by the Company, the Committee shall make appropriate and equitable adjustments in (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock (i) available for issuance under the Plan, (ii) for which grants or Awards may be made to any Participant or to any group of Participants (e.g., Outside  Directors), (iii) which are available for issuance under Incentive Stock Options, (iv) covered by outstanding unexercised Awards and grants denominated in shares or units of Common Stock, (b) the exercise or other applicable price related to outstanding Awards or grants and (c) the appropriate Fair Market Value and other price determinations relevant to outstanding Awards or grants and shall make such other adjustments as may be appropriate under the circumstances; provided, that the number of shares subject to any Award or grant always shall be a whole number.
The provisions of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.
This Amendment, together with the Employment Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between and among the parties and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous oral or written understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.
Landlord and Tenant hereby terminate the Lease effective as of the Effective Date. Landlord and Tenant agree that on the date of the Option Closing, the Termination of Memorandum of Lease Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit "A" shall be recorded in the Real Property Records of Denton County, Texas. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant's obligations under Section 7 of the Lease, and the indemnity contained in Section 26 and Section 36 of the Lease are hereby remade by tenant and shall survive the termination of the Lease.
No change, modification, or termination of any of the terms, provisions, or conditions of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the Employee and an authorized officer of the Company.
This Agreement, which shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of each Borrower, Agent and each Lender, shall become effective on the date hereof and shall continue in full force and effect until September 12, 2019 (the “ Term ”) unless sooner terminated as herein provided. Borrowers may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to Agent upon payment in full of the Obligations. In the event the Obligations are prepaid in full (whether voluntary or involuntary, including after acceleration thereof) and this Agreement is terminated prior to the last day of the Term (the date of such prepayment hereinafter referred to as the “ Early Termination Date ”), Borrowers shall concurrently pay to Agent for the benefit of Lenders an early termination fee in an amount equal to (x) 1.5% of the Maximum Loan Amount if the Early Termination Date occurs on or after the Amendment Effective Date to and including the date immediately preceding the third anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date, (y) 1.0% of the Maximum Loan Amount if the Early Termination Date occurs on or after the third anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date to and including the date immediately preceding the fourth anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date, and (z) 0% of the Maximum Loan Amount if the Early Termination Date occurs on or after the fourth anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date to and including the date immediately preceding the third anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date.
If the Company terminates Employee's employment for any reason other than for Cause (as hereinafter defined), death or Disability (as defined herein), or if Employee resigns for Good Reason (as defined herein), then Employee shall be entitled to severance pay equal to thirty (30) months of Employee's Base Salary (as defined in the Employment Agreement) as of the Termination Date, less applicable taxes (the “ Severance Benefit ”).  Payment of the Severance Benefit is subject to the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to, Sections 4 and 16 .
An Eligible Employee may participate in the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a) by (i) submitting to the Company’s stock administration office (or its designee), on or before a date determined by the Administrator prior to an applicable Offering Date, a properly completed subscription agreement authorizing payroll deductions in the form provided by the Administrator for such purpose, or (ii) following an electronic or other enrollment procedure determined by the Administrator.
(a)  Payments Free of Taxes .  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Financing Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law.  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.16) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
Whenever possible each provision and term of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or term of this Agreement shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under such applicable law, then such provision or term shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating or affecting in any manner whatsoever the remainder of such provisions or term or the remaining provisions or terms of this Agreement.  If any provision contained in Sections 5 or 8 of this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad or unreasonable as to time, territory, or interest to be protected, a court is hereby empowered and requested to construe such provision by narrowing it so as to make it reasonable and enforceable to the extent provided under applicable law.
Any notice or other communication required or permitted by this Agreement to be given to a Party will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) if delivered personally or by commercial messenger or courier service, (ii) when sent by confirmed facsimile, or (iii) if mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), to the Party at the Party’s address written below or at such other address as the Party may have previously specified by like notice. If by mail, delivery will be deemed effective three (3) business days after mailing in accordance with this Section 12.G.
Each of Seller and Guarantor has all requisite corporate or other power, and has all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted, except where the lack of such licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Seller, Guarantor or any Affiliate.
Section   2.14 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth all Contracts currently in effect or pursuant to which the parties thereto have current or future rights or obligations between, among or involving the Company, the Company Loans or the Underlying Issuers, on the one hand, and Seller Parent or Seller or any of its respective Affiliates (excluding the Company and including, for the avoidance of doubt, RAI, Resource Capital or Northport Capital), or any officer, director, manager, member or other securityholder of Seller Parent, Seller or the Company or any immediate family member of such officer, director, manager, member or other securityholder, on the other hand (“ Affiliated Contracts ”).
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered or transmitted by facsimile, e-mail or other electronic means, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Execution and delivery of this Agreement or any other documents pursuant to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic means shall be deemed to be, and shall have the same legal effect as, execution by an original signature and delivery in person.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of this Consent and the New Indenture do not and will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, or local law or regulation applicable to the Issuer, the governing documents of the Issuer, or any order, judgment, or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on the Issuer, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material contract of the Issuer, or (iii) require any approval of the Issuer’s equityholders (other than MAST) or any approval or consent of any Person under any material contract of the Issuer, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect.
By accepting this Grant, Grantee expressly warrants that he or she has received an award of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Grantee understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time.
The Plan Administrator shall serve without compensation for services rendered hereunder. The Plan Administrator is authorized at the expense of the Employer to employ such legal counsel and/or Plan record keeper as it may deem advisable to assist in the performance of its duties hereunder. Expense and fees in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be paid by the Plan Sponsor.
The Company represents and warrants to the Pulte Parties that: (a) the Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute this Agreement and any other documents or agreements to be entered into in connection with this Agreement and to bind it hereto and thereto; (b) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the Company and is enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles; and (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not and will not (i) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.
The Parties and their respective Affiliates or subsidiaries shall cooperate with each other in all reasonable respects in matters relating to the provision and receipt of the Services.
The Plan shall be effective as of October 1, 2007 (the “Effective Date”).
In reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Credit Agreement shall be amended effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date in the manner provided in this Section 1 .
You represent and agree that: (a) you have carefully read and understand this Agreement and, in particular, the General Release, Waiver and Covenant Not to Sue contained in paragraph 4 above, and fully understand the final and binding effect of same; (b) you were advised to consult legal counsel before signing this Agreement and have had the opportunity to do so; (c) you are not entitled to the consideration set forth in this Agreement, but for your signing this Agreement and not revoking it within the permitted timeframes; (d) you are signing this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily and for reasons of your own; and (e) the Company has not made any representations inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.
Since May 10, 2016, the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the Commission pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing including filings incorporated by reference therein being referred to herein as the “ SEC Documents ”). At the times of their respective filings, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. The SEC Documents did not, and do not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with Regulation S-X and all other published rules and regulations of the Commission. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). The Company does not currently have any reason to believe that it will not timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016.
Each of Guarantor, Agent and Lenders (by their acceptance of this Guaranty) irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York located within the First Department of the New York State Unified Court System and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty or any other Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of said parties irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such Federal Court. Each of said parties agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Guaranty or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Guaranty or any other Loan Document against Guarantor or any other Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. Guarantor hereby agrees and consents that in addition to any methods of service of process provided for under applicable law, all service of process in any such suit, action or proceeding in any New York State or Federal Court located within the Southern District of the State of New York may be made by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to Guarantor at the address indicated in Section 7 above and service so made shall be deemed completed five (5) days after the same shall have been so mailed.
Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions worldwide for working capital and capital expenditure purposes, settlement of put obligations, acquisitions permitted hereunder and other lawful purposes not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document; provided , the Kohler Acquisition Closing Date Borrowing will be used solely for the purposes set forth in the definition thereof.
This lease is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and permitted assigns.
(a)The Audited Financial Statements and the Unaudited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject, in the case of the Unaudited Financial Statements, to the absence of footnotes and year-end audit adjustments; and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and results of operations for the periods covered thereby.
During the Term (as defined below), Executive shall serve the Company as Chief Administrative Officer and President - Research & Technology or in such other capacity as the Board shall determine. Executive shall comply with the policies of the Company as may be in effect from time to time for executive officers, including, without limitation, the Company’s policies regarding confidentiality, ownership of intellectual property, drug testing, discrimination and harassment, and ethical conduct. Executive shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall designate that are consistent with Executive’s position.
Neither the Company nor the Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that (a) the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the consent of the Executive to one of its Affiliates, or in the event that the Company or Parent shall hereafter effect a reorganization with, consolidate with, or merge into, an Affiliate or any Person or transfer or have transferred all or substantially all of its properties, outstanding stock, or assets to an Affiliate or any Person and (b) in the event that all of the Company’s rights and obligations under this Agreement are assigned pursuant to this Section 15, each reference to Company herein shall be deemed from and after such assignment instead to be a reference to the assignee. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Executive, and their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns.
No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Except for any breaches, defaults, violations, or rights of termination or acceleration which purport to become effective upon the occurrence of the Bankruptcy Case, to the Knowledge of Borrower, Borrower is not in breach or default under or with respect to any contract, agreement, lease or other instrument to which it is a party or by which its property is bound or affected, which breach or default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile in multiple counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
(i) All Federal and material state and local tax returns and other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been filed, or extensions have been obtained, and (ii) all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party and which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except to the extent contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty, fine or Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP.
This Agreement, together with the Merger Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Documents to which such Investor is a party have been duly authorized and each will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability, relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally.
The Loan shall bear interest as set forth in the Note. Any other Obligations shall bear interest at the highest applicable rate then accruing on the outstanding balance of the Loan.
Purchaser has been furnished with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the most recently competed fiscal year as required by Section 5.1.1 and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the most recently competed fiscal quarter as required by Section 5.1.2 . Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, and fairly present the financial condition and the results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to (a) year-end adjustments, which individually and in the aggregate will not be materially adverse, and (b) the absence of footnotes.
As of the Initial Funding Date, no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.12 , and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party as specified on Schedule 5.12 free and clear of all Liens except those created or permitted under the Collateral Documents. As of the Initial Funding Date, no Loan Party has any equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 6 to the Perfection Certificate. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by Holdings free and clear of all Liens except those created or permitted under the Collateral Documents.
Notwithstanding Section 4 of the TIC Agreement, each of Duke and Commander hereby fully and irrevocably waive their right to partition the Property and/or to vote on any sale, refinancing or exchange of the Property.
The Closing of the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to hereto shall take place at the offices of Bass, Berry & Sims PLC on the Closing Date or at such other location or remotely by facsimile transmission or other electronic means as determined by the Company.
Any notice necessary under th e Agreement should be addressed to the Company in care of its Vice President – Compensation and Benefits at the principal executive office of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for the Participant or to either party at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice will be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee.
Any notices provided for in the Award or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Corporation to the Grantee, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Grantee at the last address the Grantee provided to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request the Grantee’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Corporation or another third party designated by the Corporation.
If any Performance Units vest subsequent to any change in the number or character of the Common Stock of the Company (through any dividend (other than a regular cash dividend) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split‑up, spin‑off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares, or otherwise), Participant shall be deemed to have earned upon such vesting the number of Performance Units, if any, which Participant would have earned if such Performance Units had vested prior to the event changing the number or character of the outstanding Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control in connection with which the holders of Common Stock receive consideration consisting solely of shares of common stock that are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, then for purposes of the determination of the amount payable in accordance with Exhibit A , the aggregate number and class of shares into which each outstanding share of Common Stock was converted pursuant to such Change in Control will be substituted for the number of Performance Units subject to this Award Agreement.
The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational or constitutional documents of IHS or any Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon IHS, any other Loan Party or any of their respective assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by IHS or any other Loan Party, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of IHS or any of its Subsidiaries.
(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall (except to the extent required by law) be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct or withhold any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions or withholdings and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
The term of the Company commenced on December 17, 2015 by filing the Certificate of Formation with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and shall continue in existence perpetually until termination or dissolution in accordance with the provisions of Article X .
The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of Section 7.03 of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, each of the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms thereof, including an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of Section 7.03 of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of Section 7.03 of this Agreement in any Iowa federal or state court contemplated by Section 10.13 . Each of the parties hereby further waives any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate regarding such Section 7.03 .
Section 18.3 of the Plan shall apply with regard to any federal (including contributions under the Federal Insurance Contributions Act), state or local tax withholding as may be applicable with respect to the grant, vesting, ownership or disposition of any of the Regular TRG Units or Performance TRG Units.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by exchange of facsimile copies bearing the facsimile signature of a party shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of the Agreement by such party. Such facsimile copies shall constitute enforceable original documents.
Upon the indefeasible payment in full of all Secured Liabilities Subordinated Lender shall release the security interest granted to Subordinated Lender pursuant to this Agreement and, except as otherwise provided herein, all of Borrower’s obligations hereunder shall at such time terminate.
The term of Executive's employment hereunder shall commence on June 16, 2015 and shall continue until June 16, 2016, unless sooner terminated or extended as hereinafter provided (the "Employment Term").
Upon termination of this Agreement, Buyer, at its sole option, shall return to Seller or shall destroy all title, engineering, environmental assessments or reports, maps and other information furnished by or on behalf of Seller to Buyer or prepared by or on behalf of Buyer in connection with its due diligence investigation of the Assets, in each case, in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreements (and subject to such retention rights as are provided in the Confidentiality Agreements) and an officer of Buyer shall certify same to Seller in writing.
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company, and the Company shall be obligated to require any successor to expressly acknowledge and assume its obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement will inure to the extent provided under this Agreement to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive or the Executive's legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. The Executive may not delegate any of the Executive's duties, responsibilities, obligations or positions under this Agreement to any person and any such purported delegation will be void and of no force and effect.
Except as expressly modified by this Amendment and the First Amendment, the Agreement remains unmodified and in full force and effect. This Amendment along with the Agreement and the First Amendment is the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such matters. Any future reference to the Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and this Amendment. This Amendment may not be modified or terminated orally or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing signed by all the parties hereto or their respective successors in interest. The foregoing Recitals are hereby incorporated into the Agreement.
No failure or delay on the part of Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender or any Lender in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall impair such power, right or privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right or privilege. The rights, powers and remedies given to each of Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender and each Lender hereby are cumulative and shall be in addition to and independent of all rights, powers and remedies existing by virtue of any statute or rule of Law or in any of the other Loan Documents. Any forbearance or failure to exercise, and any delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not impair any such right, power or remedy or be construed to be a waiver thereof, nor shall it preclude the further exercise of any such right, power or remedy.
Employee shall be employed as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and an Executive Vice President of RBT, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Audit Committee of RBT’s Board of Directors (“ Audit Committee ”).  RBT reserves the exclusive right to designate and modify Employee’s specific duties from time to time in any manner consistent with Employee’s status as Chief Financial Officer.  No modification or change of Employee’s responsibilities and/or duties shall modify, change or revoke any provision of this Agreement.
(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur; (ii) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of any Group Member, claims, actions or lawsuits or action by any Governmental Authority, participant or beneficiary with respect to any Plan threatened in writing; (iii) there are no violations of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan; (iv) no Group Member has engaged in any non-exempt “prohibited transaction,” as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, in connection with any Plan, that would subject any Group Member to a tax on prohibited transactions imposed by Section 502(i) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; and (v) each Plan has complied with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code. The present value of all accrued benefits under each Single Employer Plan (based on those assumptions used to fund such Single Employer Plans) did not, as of the last annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, exceed the value of the assets of such Single Employer Plan allocable to such accrued benefits by an amount that, if required to be paid as of such date by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, no Group Member participates in a Multiemployer Plan.
Any provision of the Agreement, as amended hereby, or any future amendment thereto that is expressly or by implication intended to survive the termination of the Agreement shall survive or remain in effect after the termination of the Agreement.
The accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Second Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Holder contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein).
As of immediately prior to the Closing and the New Issuance, the authorized capital stock of the Company will consist of 100,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 31,187,585 shares will be issued and outstanding, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which no shares are issued or outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of all preemptive rights. There are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, rights, agreements or commitments to which the Company is a party or which are binding upon the Company providing for the issuance or redemption of any of its capital stock. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock or similar rights with respect to the Company. There are no agreements to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound with respect to the voting (including without limitation voting trusts or proxies), registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), or sale or transfer (including without limitation agreements relating to pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal, co-sale rights or “drag-along” rights) of any securities of the Company. There are no agreements among other parties, to which the Company is not a party and by which it is not bound, with respect to the voting (including without limitation voting trusts or proxies) or sale or transfer (including without limitation agreements relating to rights of first refusal, co-sale rights or “drag-along” rights) of any securities of the Company. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock were issued in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws.
MDXL has filed with the SEC all reports and other filings required to be filed by MDXL in accordance with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the “ MDXL SEC Reports ”). As of their respective dates, the MDXL SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder applicable to such MDXL SEC Reports and, except to the extent that information contained in any MDXL SEC Report has been revised or superseded by a later MDXL SEC Report filed and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement, none of the MDXL SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of MDXL included in MDXL SEC Reports were prepared from and are in accordance with the accounting books and other financial records of MDXL, were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by the rules of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and presented fairly the consolidated financial position of MDXL and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the MDXL SEC Reports, MDXL has no liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) other than liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The MDXL SEC Reports accurately disclose (i) the terms and provisions of all stock option plans, (ii) transactions with Affiliates, and (iii) all material contracts required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. If at any time prior to Closing should MDXL become delinquent in any required filings with the SEC, MDXL represents and warrants that such filings shall be brought current in no less than 20 business days from the due date. Until such time as the filing is brought current, MDXL will promptly file any and all reports required to advise the SEC of the failure to file the reports when due.
Any legal action or proceeding with respect to the Loan Documents shall be brought exclusively in the courts of the State of New York located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, or of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its Property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent and Lenders shall have the right to bring any action or proceeding against any Loan Party (or any Property of such Loan Party) in the court of any other jurisdiction Agent or Lenders deem necessary or appropriate in order to realize on the Collateral or other security for the Obligations.  The parties hereto hereby irrevocably waive any objection, including any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens , that any of them may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such action or proceeding in such jurisdictions.
During the Employment Term (as defined in Section 4 ), the Company shall pay Employee a salary at the annual rate of $360,000 or such greater amount as the Board or a committee thereof may from time to time establish pursuant to the terms hereof (the “ Base Salary ”). Such Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and may be increased, but not decreased, by the Board or a committee thereof in its sole discretion. The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company’s customary payroll practices for its senior management personnel.
All notices must be in writing and delivered to the other party’s principal business address, by personal delivery, overnight courier service, email or by facsimile. Notices will be deemed given as of the date of receipt, which date shall be evidenced by the signature of an authorized representative of the receiving party or by written evidence of a successful transmission of an email or facsimile.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place by exchange of documents among the Parties by fax or courier, as appropriate, following the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the obligations of the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than conditions with respect to actions the respective Parties will take at the Closing itself) not later than January 15, 2017 or such other date as Purchaser and Principal may mutually determine (the “ Closing Date ”).
The Seller has heretofore made available to the Purchaser and the Trustee copies of Consolidated Parent’s consolidated balance sheets and statements of income and changes in financial condition as of and for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2014 and January 31, 2015, audited by and accompanied by the opinion of Ernst & Young independent public accountants. Except as disclosed to the Trustee prior to the date of this Agreement, such financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Consolidated Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods; such balance sheets and the notes thereto disclose all liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Consolidated Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof required to be disclosed by GAAP and such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. Since January 31, 2015, there has been no material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise), operations, properties, assets or prospects of the Seller and its Subsidiaries.
All notices and other communications to the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall be given as provided in the Indenture, at the address for the Guarantors set forth in the Indenture.
As of the Closing Date, no judgments are outstanding against the Borrower that could be an Event of Default under clause (e) of Section 11.1 , nor is there as of such date pending, or to the best of Borrower’s knowledge, threatened, except, as of the Closing Date, as shown on Schedule 7.13 , any (i) litigation, suit, action or contested claim (other than a personal injury tort claim), or federal, state or municipal governmental proceeding, by or against the Borrower or any of its Property which if adversely determined could have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any tort claim for personal injury, including death, against the Borrower as to which (a) litigation has been instituted and is pending or (b) or a request for medical records has been made upon Borrower by an attorney for the claimant on or after January 1, 2014.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, unless expressly set forth therein, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the law of the State of New York (including Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), without reference to the conflicts or choice of law principles thereof that would require application of another law (but giving effect to federal laws relating to national banks).
Ivey agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its successors and assigns, from and against any and all losses, damages, costs, expenses (including attorneys’ fees and other costs of defending any action) which it may incur as a result of any claim relating to (a) the breach or nonfulfillment of any covenant, agreement or representation on the part of Ivey under this Agreement, and (b) any act or omission of Ivey or the failure Ivey to conform to or comply with any federal, state or local laws, regulations or standards.
The Borrower and each other Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender, or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Borrower or any other Credit Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
The provisions of this Article 5 shall survive the Closing.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall, for all purposes, be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
This Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) entered into among the parties constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or between the parties, written or oral, to the extent related to the subject matter hereof.
The terms of the Plan and this Agreement when accepted by the Grantee will constitute the entire agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements, representations or promises of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement may not be amended except by a written instrument executed by the Parties.
Expressly subject to the consummation of the Notified Financing and the receipt by Borrower of the proceeds thereof, PFG consents to the following payments from the proceeds of the Notified Financing: (1) payments not to exceed $485,000 to be made to holders of Borrower's Series E Preferred Stock, (2) payment not to exceed $370,000 to Rapid Medical Response, LLC in payment of a promissory note in favor of such person, (3) monthly payments of $25,000 to Tonaquint Inc. and (4) payment not to exceed $1,000,000 to repay the bridge loan to which PFG consented in the Prior Forbearance (such payments specified in clauses (1) through (4), the " Special Permitted Payments ").  Additionally, PFG consents to (i) the Borrower's establishing a new class of preferred stock (the "Series G Preferred") with such designations, rights and preferences contained within the contemplated Certificate of Designations, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , to be filed with the State of Delaware, (ii)  the Borrower's issuance 18,848 shares of Series G Preferred to Tyumen Holdings, LLC, an entity controlled by Jeffrey Peterson, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and 24,372 shares of Series G Preferred to Jim Dalton, the Company's former Chief Executive Officer and a consultant to the Company (iii) the amendment of the Borrower's charter to effectuate the reverse split of its common stock as reflected in the amendment attached hereto as Exhibit B , and (iv) a lock-up period with respect to 10,800 shares of Borrower's common stock issuable to PFG under the terms of that certain Conditionally-Effective Warrant Cancelation Agreement between PFG and Borrower dated as of September 9, 2016, such lock-up period not to exceed six (6) months.
Each of the Lenders (for purposes of this Article IX , references to the Lenders shall also mean the Swingline Lender) hereby irrevocably appoints Fifth Third to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except as set forth in Section 9.6 , the provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” (or any other similar term) herein or in any other Credit Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by electronic transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Electronically transmitted signatures shall be deemed to be, and shall be legally effective as, original signatures for all purposes of this Agreement.
As a full-time employee you are eligible to participate in all Company benefit plans, which include but are not limited to medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance and a 401(k) Plan.  Participation in Company benefit plans will be subject to the terms of all applicable plan documents and all Company policies regarding benefits. Additionally, during your first year of employment, you will be entitled to be reimbursed for up to $2,500 for estate. Tax and financial planning expenses.
Any term used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Plan. Any conflict between this Agreement and the Plan will be resolved in favor of the Plan. Any disputes or questions of right or obligation which shall result from or relate to any interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee. Any such determination shall be binding and conclusive upon Optionee and any person or persons claiming through Optionee as to any rights hereunder.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (i.e., a “.pdf” or “.tif”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
Subject to the provisions of Section 6, the term of employment pursuant to this Agreement (the “Term”) shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date and shall be renewed automatically for periods of one (1) year commencing at the first anniversary of the Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary thereafter unless either the Executive or the Employer gives written notice to the other not less than sixty (60) days prior to the date of any such anniversary of such party’s election not to extend the Term. In the event that the Employer elects to not extend this Agreement on such an anniversary date, the Executive shall be entitled to the benefits described in Section 7(b) below.
Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall specifically refer to this Agreement, and shall be addressed to the appropriate Party at the address specified below or such other address as may be specified by such Party in writing in accordance with this Section 14.4, and shall be deemed to have been given for all purposes (a) when received, if hand-delivered or sent by confirmed facsimile or a reputable courier service, or (b) five business days after mailing, if mailed by first class certified or registered airmail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested.
The Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or other equity securities of any corporation or have any direct or indirect equity or ownership interest in any business other than the business conducted by it (the "Business").
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase up to an aggregate of $5,000,000 of units (the “ Units ” and, each, a “ Unit ”), each Unit consisting of (i) one Share and (ii) one Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Warrant, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, without giving effect to principals of conflicts of laws, and applicable provisions of federal law.
All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Agent’s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Agent after 2:00 p.m., at the option of the Agent, shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
Not later than 12:00 noon (Pacific time) on the applicable Borrowing Date, the Swing Line Lender shall make available the Swing Line Loan, in funds immediately available, to the Administrative Agent at its address specified pursuant to ARTICLE XIII. The Administrative Agent will promptly make the funds so received from the Swing Line Lender available to the Borrower on the Borrowing Date at the Administrative Agent’s aforesaid address. Each time that a Swing Line Loan is made by the Swing Line Lender pursuant to this Section 2.4(c), the Swing Line Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably sold to each Lender and each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Swing Line Lender, a participation in such Swing Line Loan in proportion to its Pro Rata Share.
Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction-or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision thereof.
Borrower and each other Loan Party shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold the Lender-Related Persons and Agent-Related Parties (each, an “ Indemnified Person ”) harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, losses, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), at any time asserted against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them (a) in connection with or as a result of or related to the execution and delivery, enforcement, performance, or administration (including any restructuring, forbearance or workout with respect hereto) of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents and the transactions related to the Loan Documents as set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the monitoring of compliance by Borrower and each other Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries with the terms of the Loan Documents, (b) with respect to any investigation, litigation, or proceeding related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and the transactions related to the Loan Documents as set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement or the use of the proceeds of the credit provided hereunder (irrespective of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto), or any act, omission, event, or circumstance in any manner related thereto, (c) in connection with the custody, preservation, use or operation of, or, upon an Event of Default, the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral in accordance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (d) with respect to the failure by Borrower or any other Loan Party to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof or any other Loan Document, (e) in connection with the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Agent or Lenders hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and (f) in connection with or arising out of any presence or release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under, to or from any assets or properties owned, leased or operated by Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary of Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Environmental Actions, Environmental Liabilities or Remedial Actions related in any way to any such assets or properties of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (each and all of the foregoing, the “ Indemnified Liabilities ”). The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, neither Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this Section 11.3 with respect to any Indemnified Liability that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its officers, directors, employees, or attorneys. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Obligations. If any Indemnified Person makes any payment to any other Indemnified Person with respect to an Indemnified Liability as to which Borrower or any other Loan Party was required to indemnify the Indemnified Person receiving such payment, the Indemnified Person making such payment is entitled to be indemnified and reimbursed by Borrower or such other Loan Party with respect thereto. This Section 11.3 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART ARE CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON.
If any provision or section of this Agreement is determined to be void or otherwise unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions of this Agreement which shall remain enforceable in accordance with their terms.
Promptly following the determination of the Final CC Closing Share Consideration on the Final Closing Statement in accordance with Section 3.4(f) of the Contribution Agreement, if (i) the Final CC Closing Share Consideration as shown on the Final Closing Statement is greater than the Estimated CC Closing Share Consideration shown on the Estimated Closing Statement, then CC shall deliver to Saltzman the number of additional shares of CFI Class A Common Stock equal to such excess amount, or (ii) the Estimated CC Closing Share Consideration as shown on the Estimated Closing Statement is greater than the Final CC Closing Share Consideration shown on the Final Closing Statement, then Saltzman shall transfer to CC such number of shares of CFI Class A Common Stock equal to such excess. Saltzman or CC, as applicable, shall satisfy such obligation within, in the case of Saltzman, three Business Days of demand by CC, or in the case of CC, three Business Days of receipt of such additional shares of CFI Class A Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.4(f) of the Contribution Agreement. Any agreement or arrangement by CC in connection with Section 3.4 of the Contribution Agreement shall be binding on Saltzman without any right of objection or modification.
In the event of a Change in Control after the Effective Date, (i) if determined by the Committee in the applicable Award agreement or otherwise, any outstanding Awards then held by Participants which are unexercisable or otherwise unvested or subject to lapse restrictions shall automatically be deemed exercisable or otherwise vested or no longer subject to lapse restrictions, as the case may be, as of immediately prior to such Change in Control and (ii) the Committee may (subject to Section 21), but shall not be obligated to, provide for the issuance of substitute Awards that will substantially preserve the otherwise applicable terms of any affected Awards previously granted hereunder, including without limitation, any applicable vesting conditions (such Awards, “ Substitute Awards ”), as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion; provided, however, that if the Committee does not provide for the issuance of Substitute Awards, it may (subject to Section 21), but shall not be obligated to, (A) cancel Awards for fair value (as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee), to the extent permitted under Section 409A of the Code, which, in the case of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, may equal the excess, if any, of value of the consideration to be paid in the Change in Control transaction to holders of the same number of Shares subject to such Options or Stock Appreciation Rights (or, if no consideration is paid in any such transaction, the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Options or Stock Appreciation Rights) over the aggregate Option Price or exercise price of such Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or (B) provide that for a period of at least 15 days prior to the Change in Control, such Awards shall be exercisable (including through net settlement in Shares as described in Section 4(c)(ii) above), to the extent applicable, as to all Shares subject thereto and the Committee may further provide that upon the occurrence of the Change in Control, such Awards shall terminate and be of no further force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to (A) above, the Committee may cancel Options and Stock Appreciation Rights for no consideration if the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Options or Stock Appreciation Rights is less than or equal to the aggregate Option Price of such Options or exercise price of such Stock Appreciation Rights.
All payments made by Borrowers hereunder or under any note or other Loan Document will be made without setoff, counterclaim, or other defense. In addition, all such payments will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any present or future Indemnified Taxes, and in the event any deduction or withholding of Indemnified Taxes is required, Borrowers shall comply with the next sentence of this Section 16.1 . If any Indemnified Taxes are so levied or imposed, Borrowers agree to pay the full amount of such Indemnified Taxes and such additional amounts as may be necessary so that every payment of all amounts due under this Agreement, any note, or Loan Document, including any amount paid pursuant to this Section 16.1 after withholding or deduction for or on account of any Indemnified Taxes, will not be less than the amount provided for herein. Borrowers will furnish to Agent as promptly as possible after the date the payment of any Indemnified Tax is due pursuant to applicable law, certified copies of tax receipts evidencing such payment by Borrowers. Borrowers agree to pay any present or future stamp, value added or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges, or similar levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, performance, recordation, or filing of, or otherwise with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
To the extent, if any, that the Executive retains any right, title or interest with respect to any Creations delivered to the Company or related to his employment with the Company, the Executive hereby grants to the Company an irrevocable, paid-up, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide right and license: (i) to modify all or any portion of such Creations, including, without limitation, the making of additions to or deletions from such Creations, regardless of the medium (now or hereafter known) into which such Creations may be modified and regardless of the effect of such modifications on the integrity of such Creations; and (ii) to identify the Executive, or not to identify his , as one or more authors of or contributors to such Creations or any portion thereof, whether or not such Creations or any portion thereof have been modified.  The Executive further waives any “moral” rights, or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of such Creations that he may have under any applicable law, whether under copyright, trademark, unfair competition, defamation, right of privacy, contract, tort or other legal theory.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed within the State of New York. The parties hereto each hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all rights to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.
Any representation made by Borrower or Approved Music Venue Manager in any of the Loan Documents, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other instrument, agreement or document furnished to Lender shall have been false or misleading in any material respect (or, with respect to any representation that itself contains a materiality qualifier, in any respect) as of the date such representation was made, provided, if Borrower or Approved Music Venue Manager did not have actual knowledge at the time of such representation or warranty that such representation or warranty was false or misleading in any material respect and the same is susceptible of being cured, the same shall be an Event of Default hereunder only if the same is not cured within 30 days after Borrower’s receipt of written notice from Lender or, in the case of any such representation that is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such 30 day period and Borrower shall have (A) commenced to cure or cause the cure of such representation or warranty to be commenced within such 30 day period, (B) submitted to Lender an Officer’s Certificate setting forth an explanation of the inability to cure such Default within such 30 day period and describing Borrower’s past and intended efforts to cure, or cause the cure of, such Default and (C) thereafter diligently proceeded to cure the same, such 30 day period shall be extended for up to an additional 30 days.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among the Standby Purchaser and the Company, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.
From and after the Effective Date, Executive shall serve in the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Blackwater Holdings or its successor, or in such other position or positions as the parties mutually may agree.
This Sublease shall be construed without regard to any presumption or other rule suggesting construction or interpretation against the party causing this Sublease to be drafted. All terms and words used in this Sublease, regardless of the number or gender in which they are used, shall be deemed to include any other number and any other gender as the context may require. The word “person” as used in this Sublease means a natural person or persons, a partnership, a corporation or any other form of business or legal association or entity.
The Company and each Guarantor shall, and shall cause each of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable independent insurers, insurance with respect to its Properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses, owning similar Properties in localities where the Company or such Subsidiary operates, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Such insurance will be primary and not contributing.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Facility Agreement.
Borrower and Operating Lessee shall keep and maintain all Intellectual Property currently registered in the name of Borrower or Operating Lessee (as applicable) relating to the use or operation of the Viceroy Property and all Intellectual Property (other than any Intellectual Property used by Borrower or Operating Lessee pursuant to the applicable Management Agreement) registered in the name of Borrower or Operating Lessee (as applicable). Neither Borrower nor Operating Lessee shall transfer or let lapse any such Intellectual Property without Lender’s prior consent unless such transfer or lapse is in the ordinary course of business and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Lender acknowledges that it has no security interest in any Intellectual Property or right to use any of Borrower’s or Operating Lessee’s (or any of their Affiliates) trade names or trademarks in connection with the Loan (other than as set forth in the applicable Assignment of Management Agreement).
The closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall occur, and the purchase and sale shall be effective, automatically and without any further action by any party, at 9 a.m., New York City time, on February 2, 2016.
If any provision of this Amendment or any other Credit Document is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment and the other Credit Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder or this Agreement or the application of such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The Executive (and his eligible dependents) shall be entitled to receive such benefits (including, without limitation, fringe benefits and perquisites) and to participate in such employee benefit plans, including life, health and disability insurance policies and the Company's Code Section 401(k) pension plan, as are generally provided by the Company to its executives at a comparable level in accordance with the terms of such plans, practices and programs of the Company, at a level commensurate with the Executive's position.
During your employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, you will have access to Confidential Information of the Company and its subsidiaries. For this purpose, “Confidential Information” shall include, without limitation, the identity of customers, personal customer data, strategic plans, sales data and sales strategy, methods, products, procedures, processes, techniques, financial information, vendor and supplier lists, pricing policies, and other confidential, business, competitive, and proprietary information concerning or related to the Company and/or its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, operations, financial conditions, results of operations, competitive positions and prospects (collectively “Confidential Information”). By your acceptance of this grant, you acknowledge your understanding that (i) such Confidential Information and the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to reserve such Confidential Information for their respective and exclusive knowledge and use is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company and its subsidiaries; (ii) the Company has taken and will continue to take actions to protect the Confidential Information; and (iii) the provisions of this Section are reasonable and necessary to prevent the improper use or disclosure of such Confidential Information. Accordingly, you agree that during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and, following the termination of such employment, until such time as the Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public through no fault of your own or other person under a duty of confidentiality to the Company thereof, you will not, except as required by law or legal process, in any capacity, use or disclose, or cause to be used or disclosed, any Confidential Information you acquired while employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Nothing in this Award Agreement, however, shall be construed to limit or negate the law of torts or trade secrets where it provides the Company with broader protection than that provided herein.
There are no material claims, actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations pending, or to the current actual knowledge of officers and directors of Buyer, without any duty of independent inquiry, threatened against Buyer that could reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of Buyer to fulfill and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
During the Term, the Company shall continue to provide to Executive the benefits set forth in the sections entitled “Health and Welfare Benefits”, “Meal Reimbursement” and “Paid Time Off” of the offer letter entered into by the Company and the Executive on May 19, 2014 (the “ Offer Letter ”).
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein, and there are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants, conditions or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties relating to Employee’s employment and termination from employment with the Company, and any and all previous agreements with respect to these matters, unless specifically incorporated herein, are superseded by this Agreement. No term, provision or condition of this Agreement may be modified in any respect except by a writing executed by the parties hereto. No person has any authority to make any representations or promises on behalf of any of the parties not set forth herein and this Agreement has not been executed in reliance upon any representation or promise except those contained herein.
No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly (a) declare, pay, make or set aside any amount for payment in respect of Subordinated Debt, except for payments made in full compliance with and expressly permitted under the Subordination Agreement, (b) amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Subordinated Debt, except for amendments or modifications made in full compliance with the Subordination Agreement relating thereto, or (c) declare, pay, make or set aside any amount for payment in respect of any Debt hereinafter incurred that, by its terms, or by separate agreement, is subordinated to the Obligations, except for payments permitted under the subordination provisions applicable thereto.  Borrowers shall, prior to entering into any such amendment or modification, deliver to Agent reasonably in advance of the execution thereof, any final or execution form copy thereof.
Avalon and each of the Subsidiaries has duly filed all tax reports and returns (federal, state and local income, corporate, franchise and other) required by it to be filed. These returns and reports are true and correct in all material respects and all taxes due pursuant thereto have been paid. Copies of all such tax returns have been provided to GTHC. Avalon has not received notice of any tax deficiency outstanding, proposed or assessed against it, nor has it executed any waiver of any statute of limitations on the assessment or collection of any tax. There are no tax liens upon, pending against, or to the best knowledge of Avalon, threatened against any of the assets of Avalon. Avalon is current in its payment obligations for workers compensation and disability insurance, withholding and payroll taxes and other required payments in respect of its employees.
This Agreement will take effect automatically on the Effective Date and no provision of this Agreement shall be effective until the Effective Date, except for the following sections, which shall be effective as of the Execution Date:  Sections 11.4, 14.3 , and 14.4 .  Each Party will use [**] to cause this Agreement to become effective as soon as practicable following the Execution Date.
No Credit Party will, or will permit any Restricted Subsidiary of a Credit Party to, create, assume, incur, or permit to exist or to be created, assumed, or permitted to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on any of its property, real or personal, now owned or hereafter acquired, except for Permitted Liens.
Assignor hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to Assignee, as of the Effective Date, all of Assignor’s right, title and interest in the Brownfields Agreements, including without limitation, all of the benefits, rights, covenants, liability protections and obligations provided therein.
The Executive agrees that he hereby resigns from all other positions held by him with the Company and any entity in the Company, including without limitation any position as a director, officer, agent, trustee or consultant unless otherwise agreed with the Company, effective on the date when the Executive's employment with the Company terminates. In addition, and in exchange for the full severance payment paid to the Executive pursuant to Sections 9(b)(v) or(vi), above, and satisfaction of any other obligation owed by the Company to the Executive, the Executive shall sign a full and final release of the Company in a form satisfactory to the Company, acting reasonably, which release shall not impose any post-employment obligations on the Executive beyond those set forth in this Agreement.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or in equity.
Optionee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Optionee’s personal data as described in this Grant (“ Personal Data ” )  by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Subsidiary or Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Optionee’s participation in the Plan.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents by each Loan Party party thereto (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been (or, in the case of filings relating to the consummation of the Merger, substantially contemporaneously with the funding of Loans on the Effective Date will be) obtained or made and are (or will so be) in full force and effect, (ii) filings necessary to perfect Liens created under the Loan Documents and (iii) those the failure to obtain or make which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate (i) any applicable law or regulation or (ii) any applicable Order of any Governmental Authority, except to the extent such violation would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of any Loan Party, (d) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument evidencing Indebtedness binding upon the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or their respective assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than pursuant to a Loan Document) except to the extent such violation, default or right, as the case may be, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, except Liens created under the Loan Documents.
None of the Investor (either directly or indirectly) or any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, has engaged in any purchases or sales in the securities, including derivatives, of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales involving any of the Company’s securities) (a “ Transaction ”) since the time that the Investor was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the investment in the Company contemplated hereby, other than pursuant to a Transaction between the Investor or any such Person, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand. The Investor covenants that neither it nor any Person acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor will engage, directly or indirectly, in any Transactions in the securities of the Company (including Short Sales) prior to the time the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed, other than pursuant to a Transaction between the Investor or any such Person, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand. “Short Sales” include, without limitation, all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, derivatives and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker-dealers or foreign regulated brokers .
Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein (and in the recitals above) which is defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. Each reference to “hereof,” “hereunder,” “herein,” and “hereby” and each other similar reference and each reference to “this Amendment” and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall from and after the date hereof refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.
The Loan Parties shall keep records that are accurate and complete, in all material respects, of their Accounts and all payments and collections thereon and shall submit to Collateral Agent on such periodic basis as Collateral Agent shall request, in its reasonable credit judgment, a sales and collections report for the preceding period, in form acceptable to Collateral Agent, in its reasonable credit judgment, and consistent with the reports currently prepared by the Loan Parties with respect to such information to Collateral Agent, which form the Collateral Agent acknowledges is acceptable. Concurrently with the delivery of each Borrowing Base Certificate described in subsection 9.1.4 , or more frequently as requested by Collateral Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event, from and after the date hereof, the Loan Parties shall deliver to Collateral Agent a detailed aged trial balance of all of their Accounts, specifying the names, addresses, face values, dates of invoices and due dates for each Account Debtor obligated on an Account so listed in a form consistent with reports currently prepared by the Loan Parties with respect to such information (“ Schedule of Accounts ”), and upon Collateral Agent’s written request therefor, copies of proof of delivery and the original copy of all documents, including, without limitation, repayment histories and present status reports relating to the Accounts so scheduled and such other matters and information relating to the status of then existing Accounts as Collateral Agent shall request, in its reasonable credit judgment. If requested by Collateral Agent in writing, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Loan Parties shall execute and deliver to Collateral Agent formal written assignments of all of their Accounts weekly or daily, which shall include all Accounts that have been created since the date of the last assignment, together with copies of invoices or invoice registers related thereto.
This Agreement, including the Plans and the Definitive Documents, constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all other prior negotiations, agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement; provided , however , that any confidentiality agreement executed by any Restructuring Support Party shall survive this Agreement and shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.
The Company shall pay all original issue and transfer taxes with respect to the issue and transfer of shares pursuant hereto and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith.
All notices, demands or other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been given when personally delivered (including by Federal Express or other reputable courier service) or sent by electronic mail or facsimile transmission, promptly confirmed in writing. Notices, demands and communication to the Parent, the Purchaser, the Investors, the Sellers or the Escrow Agent will, unless another address is specified in writing, be sent to the respective address indicated in the Purchase Agreement or the Securities Purchase Agreement, as the case may be.
All notices under this Agreement shall be mailed or delivered by hand to the parties at their respective addresses set forth beneath their signatures below or at such other address as may be designated in writing by either party to the other party , or to their permitted transferees if applicable. Notices shall be effective upon receipt .
Borrowers shall pay (i) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for Agent), and shall pay all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent, any Lender or Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for Agent, any Lender or Issuer), and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of Agent, any Lender or Issuer, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Advances made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit, and (iv) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of Agent’s regular employees and agents engaged periodically to perform audits of the any Borrower’s or any Borrower’s Affiliate’s or Subsidiary’s books, records and business properties.
Subject to Section 10, the Plan shall be applicable for the initial Performance Period and all future fiscal years of the Company unless amended or terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.
The Loan Documents, and any other documents and instruments required to be executed and delivered in connection with the Loan, to which Borrower or Guarantor is a party have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by or on behalf of Borrower or Guarantor a party thereto, and when executed and delivered, will constitute the duly authorized, valid and legally binding obligations of the party required to execute the same and may be enforced strictly in accordance with their respective terms (except to the extent that enforceability may be affected or limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar debtor relief laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally). No basis presently exists for any claim against Lender under this Agreement, under the Loan Documents or with respect to the Loan, and the Loan Documents and enforcement thereof are not subject to, and neither Borrower nor Guarantor has asserted, any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury. The Security Instrument when properly recorded in the appropriate records, together with any UCC financing statements required to be filed in connection therewith, will create a valid, perfected first priority lien on the Borrower’s interest in the Collateral, subject to Permitted Liens. All recording, stamp, intangible or other similar taxes required to be paid by any Person under Applicable Laws in connection with the execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection and/or enforcement of any of the Loan Documents have been paid, or have been paid by Borrower to an escrow agent authorized to make such payment upon recordation.
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by Recipient or the Company to the Compensation Committee for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Compensation Committee shall be final and binding on the Company and Recipient.
EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ANY AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY ARRANGER, ANY OTHER SECURED PARTY OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN A FORUM OTHER THAN THE BANKRUPTCY COURT (OR, IF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT DOES NOT HAVE (OR ABSTAINS FROM) JURISDICTION, THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT AND SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN THE BANKRUPTCY COURT, SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY LENDER OR OTHER SECURED PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE LOAN PARTIES OR THEIR PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
The Participant shall make appropriate arrangements with the Company for satisfaction of any federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements, Social Security and other employee tax or other requirements applicable to the granting, crediting, vesting or payment of benefits under the Plan. There shall be deducted from each payment made under the Plan or any other Compensation payable to the Participant (or Beneficiary) all taxes which are required to be withheld by the Company in respect to such payment or this Plan.  The Company shall have the right to reduce any payment (or other Compensation) by the amount of cash sufficient to provide the amount of said taxes.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein, in any of the other Transaction Documents or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Subscriber and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement or in any of the other Transaction Documents shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement or such other Transaction Documents and to exercise all other rights granted by law. Furthermore, the Company recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Subscriber. The Company therefore agrees that the Subscriber shall be entitled to seek specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.
The Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that no third party shall have any rights or benefits under this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and the Company.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties, except that this Agreement does not supersede or limit Executive’s post-employment restrictions or obligations to the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or related entities, that may be contained in any other agreement between Executive and the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or related entities, such as an offer letter, equity award agreement, or similar document. The parties have not relied on any oral statements that are not included in this Agreement. Any modifications to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by Company’s Executive Vice President, Human Resources.
Provided that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, the Borrower shall have the option to: (a) convert at any time following the third (3rd) Business Day after the Closing Date all or any portion of any outstanding Base Rate Loans (other than Swingline Loans) in a principal amount equal to $1,000,000 or any whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof into one or more LIBOR Rate Loans; and (b) upon the expiration of any Interest Period: (i) convert all or any part of its outstanding LIBOR Rate Loans in a principal amount equal to $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof into Base Rate Loans (other than Swingline Loans); or (ii) continue such LIBOR Rate Loans as LIBOR Rate Loans.  Whenever the Borrower desires to convert or continue Loans as provided above, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable prior written notice in the form attached as Exhibit E (a “ Notice of Conversion/Continuation ”) not later than 11:00 a.m. three (3) Business Days before the day on which a proposed conversion or continuation of such Loan is to be effective specifying: (A) the Loans to be converted or continued, and, in the case of any LIBOR Rate Loan to be converted or continued, the last day of the Interest Period therefor; (B) the effective date of such conversion or continuation (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the principal amount of such Loans to be converted or continued; and (D) the Interest Period to be applicable to such converted or continued LIBOR Rate Loan; provided that if the Borrower wishes to request LIBOR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of twelve months in duration, such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of such conversion or continuation, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the applicable Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them; provided , further , that the Notice of Borrowing with respect to the Loans to be borrowed on the Closing Date may be in such form and may be delivered on such shorter notice as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent.  If the Borrower fails to give a timely Notice of Conversion/Continuation prior to the end of the Interest Period for any LIBOR Rate Loan, then the applicable LIBOR Rate Loan shall be continued as a LIBOR Rate Loan and will be deemed to have the same Interest Period as was then in effect prior to the expiration of the previous Interest Period during which the Borrower failed to give a timely Notice of Conversion/Continuation.  Any such automatic continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable LIBOR Rate Loan.  If the Borrower requests a conversion to, or continuation of, LIBOR Rate Loans, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Swingline Loan may not be converted to a LIBOR Rate Loan.  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the affected Lenders of such Notice of Conversion/Continuation.
Each Party hereto will bear and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, including fees and expenses of its own financial consultants, accountants and counsel (and with respect to Buyer including the fees incurred by Buyer in connection with Section 7.2(c); provided , however, that a Party will indemnify the other Party for any finder’s fees and expenses relating to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
All notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications to be given or delivered or permitted under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be delivered and received by the intended recipient as follows: (i) if personally delivered, on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt of the personal delivery service), (ii) if mailed certified or registered mail return receipt requested, two (2) business days after being mailed, (iii) if delivered by overnight courier (with all charges having been prepaid), on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt of the overnight courier service of recognized standing), or (iv) if delivered by facsimile transmission, on the business day of such delivery if sent by 6:00 p.m. in the time zone of the recipient, or if sent after that time, on the next succeeding business day (as evidenced by the printed confirmation of delivery generated by the sending party’s telecopier machine). If any notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because of a changed address of which no notice was given (in accordance with this Section 4.2), or the refusal to accept same, the notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication shall be deemed received on the second business day the notice is sent (as evidenced by a sworn affidavit of the sender). All such notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications will be sent to the following addresses or facsimile numbers as applicable.
The undersigned represents and warrants to Landlord that (i) Tenant is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of the state under which it was organized; (ii) all action necessary to authorize the execution of this Amendment has been taken by Tenant; and (iii) the individual executing and delivering this Amendment on behalf of Tenant has been authorized to do so, and such execution and delivery shall bind Tenant. Tenant, at Landlord's request, shall provide Landlord with evidence of such authority.
During the Employment Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“ Annual Base Salary ”) at a rate of not less than $800,000 payable in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll policies. The Executive’s Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed for increase at least annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “ Compensation Committee ”) pursuant to normal performance review policies. The Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any increase and the term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased.
All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings given to them in the Contribution Agreement.
The Executive shall be employed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, shall perform and discharge faithfully the duties and responsibilities which may be assigned to the Executive from time to time in connection with the conduct of its business. The duties and responsibilities of the Executive shall be commensurate with the position of chief executive officer of a bank and a bank holding company.
Upon the payment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Security Agreement, the Grantee shall, at the reasonable request of the Grantor, execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the Grantor an instrument in writing in recordable form releasing the collateral pledge, grant, lien and security interest in the Trademarks listed on Schedule I attached hereto.
Closing shall take place on the Closing Date, at or around 9:00 MST by or before July 8, 2016, or at such other date, place or time as AHIT and Northern shall agree in writing, but shall be deemed effective as of 12:01 a.m. MST on the Closing Date.
The Plan, Notice and Prospectus are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof. This Agreement, Plan, Notice and Prospectus constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede all prior undertakings and agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement (including Exhibits) constitutes and contains the entire agreement and final understanding concerning Executive’s employment with the Company and the other subject matters addressed herein between the parties.  It is intended by the parties as a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of their agreement.  It supersedes and replaces all prior negotiations and all agreements proposed or otherwise, whether written or oral, concerning the subject matter hereof.  Any representation, promise or agreement not specifically included in this Agreement shall not be binding upon or enforceable against either party.  This is a fully integrated agreement.
If requested by the indemnifying party, the indemnified party agrees to cooperate with the indemnifying party and its counsel in contesting or defending against any Indemnity Claim that the indemnifying party elects to contest or defend or, if appropriate, in making any counterclaim against the Person asserting the Indemnity Claim, or any cross-complaint against any Person, and the indemnifying party will reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable expenses incurred by it in so cooperating. At no cost or expense to the indemnified party, the indemnifying party shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnified party and its counsel in contesting any Indemnity Claim.
All of Borrower’s obligations under this Section 4 shall survive termination of the Total Commitment and repayment of the Obligation hereunder.
Sellers have caused the Escrow Agent (also referred to herein as the “ Title Company ” to issue to Buyer (with a copy to Sellers) a title insurance commitment for the Property (the “ Title Commitment ” ). The title insurance policy to be issued at the Closing by the Title Company pursuant to the Title Commitment (the “ Title Policy ” ) shall be a standard New Jersey-approved ALTA 2006 form of owner’s policy. Sellers shall cause the Title Policy to be issued to Buyer subject to the Permitted Exceptions (hereinafter defined) and free and clear of all standard or general exceptions contained in the Title Commitment which the Title Company is permitted by applicable law to remove or modify upon delivery of a standard title affidavit from Sellers.
Borrower shall have delivered evidence satisfactory to the Lender of the existence of insurance required hereby.
All notices or requests or consents provided for by, or permitted to be given pursuant to, this Agreement must be in writing and must be given by depositing same in the United States mail, addressed to the Person to be notified, postage-paid, and registered or certified with return receipt requested or by delivering such notice in person, by overnight delivery service or by facsimile or email to such Party. Notice given by personal delivery or mail shall be effective upon actual receipt. Notice given by facsimile or email shall be effective upon actual receipt if received during the recipient’s normal business hours or at the beginning of the recipient’s next Business Day after receipt if not received during the recipient’s normal business hours. All notices to be sent to a Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to or made at the address set forth below or at such other address as such Party may stipulate to the other Parties in the manner provided in this Section 6.2 .
The Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of California or of any other state.  The Company and each Investor consent to personal jurisdiction in Orange County, California.
All material federal, state and other tax returns and reports required to be filed by or with respect to the Company have been duly and timely filed, and all material federal, state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges owed by the Company or for which the Company may be liable that have become due and payable have been paid in full, except those that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Company that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no Liens (other than Liens for current period taxes that are not yet due and payable) on any of the assets of the Company that arose in connection with any failure (or alleged failure) to pay any tax, assessment, fee and other governmental charge in the nature of a tax.
All laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions .
The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by either Party of this Agreement for which it will have no adequate remedy at law, the other Party may suffer irreparable damage and, accordingly, shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable remedies to prevent or restrain such breach or threatened breach, in addition to any other remedy they might have at law or at equity. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by a Party of any such provision, the other Party shall be authorized and entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction injunctive relief, whether preliminary or permanent, arising from such breach, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the other Party may be entitled in law or equity.
Any cause of action with respect to a breach of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 8A, inclusive, shall survive (and, subject to the terms of this Agreement, Seller shall be liable for any such breach) for a period of nine (9) months from the Closing Date (such period of time, the “ Survival Period ”), at which time such representations and warranties shall terminate, except as to any breach with respect to which Buyer gives Seller written notice (identifying such breach with reasonable detail) (a “ Breach Notice ”) before the expiration of the Survival Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller shall have no liability, and Buyer shall make no claim against Seller, for (and Buyer shall be deemed to have waived any failure of a condition hereunder by reason of) a breach of any representation or warranty, covenant or other obligation of Seller under this Agreement or any document executed by Seller in connection with this Agreement (a) if the breach in question constitutes or results from a condition, state of facts or other matter that was known to Buyer as of the Effective Date or contained in any of the Property Documents, (b) if the breach in question constitutes or results from a condition, state of facts or other matter that was known to Buyer prior to Closing and Buyer proceeds with the Closing, or (c) to the extent, in the case of a representation or warranty of Seller, the same is confirmed by a “Tenant Estoppel Certificate” (as hereinafter defined) with respect to the applicable Tenant Lease.
The Agent may declare any and all of the Obligations to be immediately due and payable; and, in addition to that right, and in addition to exercising all other rights or remedies, the Agent may proceed to exercise with respect to the Collateral all rights, options and remedies of a secured party upon default as provided for under the Uniform Commercial Code (“ UCC ”).
The Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Brazilian Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall have received all fees and out-of-pocket expenses required to be paid hereunder and (with respect to such expenses) invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and will become effective and binding upon the parties at such time as all of the signatories hereto have signed a counterpart of this Agreement. All counterparts so executed shall constitute one Agreement binding on all of the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all the parties are not signatory to the same counterpart. Each of the parties hereto shall sign a sufficient number of counterparts so that each party will receive a fully executed original of this Agreement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OR PROCEEDING RELATED TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY TRANSACTION OR CONDUCT IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, IS HEREBY WAIVED BY EACH OF THE PARTNERS.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the application of any choice-of-law rules that would result in the application of another state’s laws. Any dispute hereunder may be adjudicated in any Federal or state court sitting in the State of Delaware or, at the Company’s election, in any other state in which Ms. Hall maintains her principal residence or her principle place of business.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares by the Purchasers and the Company pursuant to this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall be held at the offices of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, 125 Broad Street, New York, New York 10004, at 10:00 a.m. New York time, as soon as reasonably practicable (which may be the date hereof) after the conditions set forth in Article VI (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to their satisfaction) are satisfied or waived, or at such other date, time and place as the Company and the Purchasers mutually agree in writing (the “ Closing Date ”).
Executive agrees, at all times following the Effective Date, not to, directly or indirectly, on his behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, (a) take any action which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to harm, disparage, defame, slander, or lead to unwanted or unfavorable publicity for the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates, or its or their respective equityholders, directors, officers, members, managers, partners, employees, representatives or agents, or otherwise take any action which could reasonably be expected to detrimentally affect the reputation, image, relationships or public view of any such person or entity or (b) attempt to do any of the foregoing, or assist, entice, induce or encourage any other person or entity to do or attempt to do any activity which, were it done by Executive, would violate any provision of this Section 7.3; provided, however, that Executive shall not be prohibited by this Section 7.3 from (i) making truthful statements when required by order of a court or other body of competent jurisdiction or as required by law or (ii) solely within the context of seeking judicial enforcement of legal or contractual rights against a person or entity.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9, (a) the Parent Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use or otherwise possess a legally enforceable right to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted; (b) no material claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any material constituent of the Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any material constituent of the Intellectual Property, nor does the Parent Borrower know of any valid basis for any such claim; and (c) to the Parent Borrower’s knowledge, the use of Intellectual Property by the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not infringe on the valid rights of any Person in any material respect.
(a)This Agreement is personal to Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by Executive, except for the assignment by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and any assignment in violation of this Agreement shall be void. The Company may only assign this Agreement, and its rights and obligations hereunder, in accordance with the terms of Section 15(b) hereof, or to an Affiliate of the Company, provided that any such assignee expressly agrees to assume in writing and perform all obligations of the Company hereunder.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and the Sabby Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, commitments, arrangements, negotiations or understandings, whether oral or written, express or implied, between either the Company or the Sabby Parties with respect thereto. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to the Series A Warrant Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Sabby Transaction Documents shall continue in full force and effect after the execution of this Agreement and shall not be in any way changed, modified or superseded by the terms set forth herein.
In interpreting the terms and conditions of this Agreement, no presumption shall be interpreted for or against a party as a result of the role of such party in the drafting of this Agreement. Sections headings are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which is an original, but all of which together constitute one and the same agreement.
This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 1 by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall have the same force and effect as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 1. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 1 by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall also deliver an original executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 1, but the failure to do so shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Amendment No. 1.
As of the Second Restatement Effective Date, the Obligors’ Agent has provided the Agents with a listing of all material insurance maintained by each Group Member as of the Second Restatement Effective Date, with the amounts insured (and any deductibles) set forth therein.
The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Delaware without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of the Loans for any purpose other than the payment of Expenses.
Notwithstanding anything in this Article XIV or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary, any amendment and restatement of Exhibit A hereto by the General Partner to reflect events or changes otherwise authorized or permitted by this Agreement, whether pursuant to Section 7.01.A(20) hereof or otherwise, shall not be deemed an amendment of this Agreement and may be done at any time and from time to time, as necessary by the General Partner without the Consent of the Limited Partners.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which, taken together, will constitute one instrument. Buyer and Seller may execute different counterparts of this Agreement and, if they do so, the signature pages from the different counterparts may be combined to provide one integrated document. Execution may be confirmed by exchange of signatures by telefacsimile or electronic mail transmission, and a telefaxed or emailed signature will have the same effect as an original.
No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Holder.
Unless otherwise noted, all references to Sections herein are to Sections of this Agreement. The titles, captions and headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
The Borrower agrees to promptly take such action, upon the request of the Agent, as is necessary to carry out the intent of this Amendment.
Each Granting Party shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of the Security Collateral are insufficient to pay in full the Loans, Reimbursement Obligations constituting Obligations of such Granting Party and, to the extent then due and owing, all other Obligations of such Granting Party and the reasonable fees and disbursements of any attorneys employed by the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to collect such deficiency.
In the event that either party breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement, the other party may, at its option, seek monetary damages, a court order requiring compliance with this Agreement, or other legal and equitable remedies as appropriate. A court, jury, and/or agency of competent jurisdiction shall determine the nature, extent and value of any damages caused by a breach of this Agreement, including whether a breach of this Agreement requires the return of some or all of the benefits provided under Paragraph 4 above and/or the discontinuance of the Company’s remaining obligations under this Agreement. In addition to any other rights either party may have at law or in equity, it shall have the right to seek enforcement of this Agreement in an action at law or in equity and, in such an action to enforce this Agreement, it shall have the right to seek reasonable legal fees, costs and expenses, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent that such recovery does not result in the invalidation of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by all of the parties to this Agreement.
The Committee shall have plenary authority to award Incentives under the Plan, to interpret the Plan, to establish any rules or regulations relating to the Plan that it determines to be appropriate, to enter into agreements with or provide notices to participants as to the terms of the Incentives (the Incentive Agreements) and to make any other determination that it believes necessary or advisable for the proper administration of the Plan. Its decisions in matters relating to the Plan shall be final and conclusive on the Company and participants. The Committee may delegate its authority hereunder to the extent provided in Section 3 hereof.
Each of the Credit Parties and each Subsidiary owns all the Intellectual Property, franchises or rights with respect to the foregoing, or each has obtained licenses of all other rights of whatever nature necessary for the present conduct of its businesses, in each case without any known conflict with the rights of others which, or the failure to obtain which, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company shall have the right to withhold from any Bonus Payment, any federal, state or local income and/or payroll taxes required by law to be withheld and to take such other action as the Committee may deem advisable to enable the Company and Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax obligations relating to a bonus.
In the event of any disputes or controversies arising from this Agreement or its interpretation, the party or parties prevailing in a court of competent jurisdiction, or receiving a settlement payment, will be entitled to receive reasonable legal fees and related costs and expenses.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof.
Each filing Party shall (a) regularly provide the other Party with copies of all patent applications filed hereunder and other material submissions and correspondence with the patent offices, in sufficient time to allow for review and comment by the other Party and (b) provide the other Party and its patent counsel with an opportunity to consult with the filing Party and its patent counsel regarding the filing and contents of any such application, amendment, submission or response. The filing Party hereby agrees that the advice and suggestions of the other Party and its patent counsel shall be taken into reasonable consideration by the filing Party and its patent counsel in connection with each filing. Each Party shall, upon request from the filing Party and at the filing Party’s sole cost, reasonably cooperate with the filing Party in connection with such patent filing activities.
It has the legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and the documents to be executed and delivered by it at the Closing pursuant to the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement and all such documents constitute valid and binding agreements of such party, enforceable in accordance with their terms.
The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of NBHC , its successors and assigns, and of Participant and the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of Participant.
Set forth on Schedule 5.20(a), is the following information which is true and complete in all respects as of the Closing Date:  (i) a complete and accurate list of all Subsidiaries, joint ventures and partnerships and other equity investments of the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date, (ii) the number of shares of each class of Equity Interests in each Subsidiary outstanding, and (iii) the number and percentage of outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests owned by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries.  The outstanding Equity Interests in all Subsidiaries are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and are owned free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens.  There are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors and directors’ qualifying shares) of any nature relating to the Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, except as contemplated in connection with the Loan Documents.
It is expected that the Spinco omnibus equity plan and executive severance plan will contain standard change in control provisions similar to those contained in the comparable Biogen plans.
Any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach hereof shall be resolved exclusively by arbitration. Any such arbitration will be administered in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), in or near the area of Plymouth, Michigan before an experienced employment law arbitrator licensed to practice law in that jurisdiction who has been selected in accordance with such Rules. Each party may be represented by counsel. The arbitrator’s award will be enforceable, and a judgment may be entered thereon, in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction in the state where the arbitration was held. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding.
Executive shall be eligible for 4 weeks of paid vacation that includes 1 week Christmas holidays as provided to similarly situated employees under the Company ' s policy, if there is one, or other policies in place, which vacation time shall be taken at such time or times in each year so as not to materially and adversely interfere with the business of the Company. Unused vacation may not be carried over from any one-year period to any other period except as may be required by law.
As of the Closing Date, all financial information and other factual information furnished by or on behalf of either Borrower in writing to Bank (including, without limitation, all factual information contained in the Loan Documents) for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any transaction contemplated herein or therein is true and accurate in all material respects on the date as of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by omitting to state any fact necessary to make such information not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information was provided.
The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence effective as of the Effective Date and continue until the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless Executive’s employment is earlier terminated in accordance with Section 10 of this Agreement; provided, however, that, on the fourth and subsequent anniversary dates of this Agreement or any extension, this Agreement will automatically be extended for an additional year unless, not later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to such anniversary date, the Company shall have given written notice to the Executive that it does not wish to extend the Term. Upon expiration of the term of this Agreement, Executive shall remain an “at will” employee of the Company but shall still be subject to and bound by the terms of this Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance by each of each Seller Party and each Guarantor of each Program Agreement do not conflict with any term or provision of the formation documents or by-laws of Seller Parties or Guarantors or any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, writ, injunction or decree applicable to any Seller Party or any Guarantor of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or governmental body having jurisdiction over any Seller Party or any Guarantor, which conflict would have a Material Adverse Effect and will not result in any violation of any such mortgage, instrument, agreement or obligation to which any Seller Party or any Guarantor is a party.
In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, the Party or Parties who are or are to be thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief (on an interim or permanent basis) of its rights under this Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The Parties agree that the remedies at law for any breach or threatened breach, including monetary damages, may be inadequate compensation for any loss and that any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate is hereby waived. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are also hereby waived by each of the Parties.
From time to time after Closing, the Parties shall each execute, acknowledge and deliver to the other such further instruments and take such other action as may be reasonably requested in order to accomplish more effectively the purposes of the Transaction.
During the Pre-Closing Period, each Party hereto shall promptly notify the representative of the other Party of any lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations which after the date hereof are threatened or commenced against such Party or any officer, director, employee, consultant, agent or shareholder thereof, in their capacities as such, which, if decided adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect upon the condition (financial or otherwise), assets, liabilities, business, operations or prospects of such Party or the OS Business.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally, sent by internationally recognized overnight courier (postage prepaid and acknowledgment of receipt requested) to the party to whom the same is so delivered, sent to the applicable addresses set forth on the signature pages hereof (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice).
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Class A Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Class A Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.
Effective as of July 1, 2016, Section 2(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting “$230,000” therefrom and replacing it with “$275,000”.
This Agreement and the agreements, instruments, and documents contemplated hereby, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Legal Requirements of the State of Delaware, without regard to any applicable principles of conflicts of law that might require the application of the Legal Requirements of any other jurisdiction.
The Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will (i) execute any Short Sales, of any of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6 and (ii) execute any Short Sales of the Common Stock from the date hereof until the earlier of (x) 5 month anniversary of the date hereof and (y) the date that the Note is no longer outstanding (provided that this provision shall not prohibit any sales made where a corresponding Notice of Conversion or Notice of Exercise is tendered to the Company and the shares received upon such conversion or exercise are used to close out such sale) (a “ Prohibited Short Sale ”). The Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, (ii) except for a Prohibited Short Sale, no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of the Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
Executive will be reporting to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. Within the limitations established by the Bylaws of the Company, the Executive shall have each and all of the duties and responsibilities of the CFO position and such other duties on behalf of the Company as may be reasonably assigned from time to time by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to serve the Company, as its Executive Vice President, Human Resources and General Counsel (“Executive’s Position”). The parties intend that the Executive shall continue to so serve in this capacity throughout the Employment Term (as such term is defined below).
Tenant, at Tenant’s expense, shall be responsible for obtaining all required permits and approvals for each of Tenant’s Monument Sign and Exterior Signs (collectively,” Tenant’s Signs ”).  Tenant’s Signs must comply with all Requirements.  Landlord, at no cost to Landlord, shall cooperate with Tenant to obtain all required permits and approvals for Tenant’s Signs.  Tenant hereby acknowledges that, notwithstanding Landlord’s approval of Tenant’s Signs, Landlord has made no representations or warranties to Tenant with respect to the probability of obtaining such permits and approvals, nor the availability or location of the Exterior Signs, and the failure of Tenant to obtain such permits and approvals shall not delay the Lease Commencement Date or release Tenant from any obligations under this Lease.
No Individual Borrower shall (and shall not permit or cause Mortgage Borrower to) and Equity Owner shall not (and shall not permit or cause Operating Lessee to) create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any portion of any Individual Property or the Collateral or permit any such action to be taken, except for Permitted Encumbrances and subject to the contest rights in accordance with the terms hereof.
Executive’s “ Disability ” means Executive’s absence from the full-time performance of his duties with the Company for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days by reason of his physical or mental illness.
This Agreement, together with the exhibits hereto, constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including in the preamble hereto) have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement.
EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY L/C ISSUER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA SITTING IN MECKLENBURG COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NORTH CAROLINA STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
For Executive’s first year of employment he will be entitled to 15 days vacation, earned on a pro-rated basis depending on Executive’s date of hire. Additional vacation time will be accrued after each completed year of service based on the Executive’s hire date in accordance with the Employee Handbook.
BORROWER, AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE FINANCING DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AND AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH HAS RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT THEY HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY OF REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS.
Each notice, request or other communication given to any party hereunder shall be given in accordance with Section 13.01 of the Indenture, and in the case of any such notice, request or other communication to a Grantor other than the Company, shall be given to it in care of the Company.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”) including any one that (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.  The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
The Company's obligations under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction of all applicable withholding requirements including those related to federal, state and local income and Service taxes (the “Required Withholding”). The Company may withhold an appropriate amount of cash (with respect to the payment of dividend equivalents) or number of shares from the Common Stock that would otherwise have been delivered to the Participant (with respect to the settlement of the Award) necessary to satisfy the Participant’s Required Withholding, and deliver the remaining amount of cash or shares of Common Stock to the Participant, unless the Participant has made arrangements with the Company for the Participant to deliver to the Company cash, check, other available funds or shares of previously owned Common Stock for the full amount of the Required Withholding by 5:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on the date an amount is included in the income of the Participant. The amount of the Required Withholding and the number of shares to satisfy the Participant’s Required Withholding shall be based on the Fair Market Value of the shares on the date prior to the applicable date of income inclusion.
The interest rate of any loan described herein must not be in excess of a reasonable rate of interest. In determining what is a reasonable rate of interest, all relevant factors will be considered including the amount and duration of the loan, the security and guarantee (if any) involved, the credit standing of the Plan and Trust Fund and the guarantor (if any), and the interest rate prevailing for comparable loans. A variable interest rate is permissible if determined to be reasonable.
The Executive agrees that he will not at any time, either during the Employment Term or thereafter, divulge to any person, firm or corporation any information obtained or learned by him during the course of his employment with the Company, with regard to the operational, financial, business or other affairs of the Company and its affiliates, and their respective officers and directors, including, without limitation, trade secrets, customer lists, sources of supply, pricing policies, operational methods or technical processes, except (i) in the course of performing his authorized duties hereunder, (ii) with the Company's express written consent; (iii) to the extent that any such information is lawfully in the public domain other than as a result of the Executive's breach of any of his obligations hereunder; or (iv) where required to be disclosed by court order, subpoena or other government process. In the event that the Executive shall be required to make any disclosure pursuant to the provisions of clause (iv) of the preceding sentence, the Executive promptly, but in no event more than 48 hours after learning of such subpoena, court order, or other government process, shall notify the Company, by personal delivery or by fax, confirmed by mail, to the Company and, if the Company so elects and at the Company's expense, the Executive shall:  (a) take all reasonably necessary steps requested by the Company to defend against the enforcement of such subpoena, court order or other government process, and (b) permit the Company to intervene and participate with counsel of its choice in any proceeding relating to the enforcement thereof.
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
Buyer is a Delaware limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full limited liability company power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each Buyer Party is duly qualified or licensed to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not prevent or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The Sellers will deliver certificates representing the Company Interests and registered in the name of Purchaser, and Purchaser will deliver a certificate representing the Exchange Shares registered in the name of the Sellers. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VI , the time and date of such deliveries shall be on a date and at a place to be specified by the parties (the “ Closing ”).
The Employers agree to indemnify the Employee in his capacity as an officer of the Employers and, to the extent he serves with the approval of the Employers as a representative, an officer or a Board member of any community organization or financial services industry association or similar entity, as set forth in the Charter or By-laws of each of the Employers, as amended from time to time; provided, however, that the terms of such indemnification shall be no less favorable to the Employee than those set forth in the Charter or By-laws of each of the Employers as of the date of this Agreement.
This agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the state of new york.
All demands, notices, communications and instructions upon or to the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or the Rating Agencies under this Agreement shall be in writing, personally delivered or mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt (a) in the case of the Seller, to Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II, One Nissan Way, Franklin, Tennessee, 37067, Attention: Treasurer, (b) in the case of the Servicer, to Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, One Nissan Way, Franklin, Tennessee, 37067, Attention: Treasurer, (c) in the case of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, to Nissan Auto Receivables 2016-A Owner Trust, c/o Wilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890, Attention: Nissan Auto Receivables 2016-A Owner Trust, (d) in the case of the Indenture Trustee, to U.S. Bank National Association, 190 South LaSalle Street, 7th Floor, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention: NAROT 2016-A, (e) in the case of Moody’s, to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., ABS Monitoring Department, 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007, (f) in the case of Fitch, to Fitch Ratings, One State Street Plaza, New York, New York, 10004, Attention: Asset-Backed Securities Group; or, as to each of the foregoing, at such other address as shall be designated by written notice to the other parties.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $1,800,000 of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the clearing account designated by the Placement Agent, immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Placement Agent or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise agreed upon by the Company and the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via “Delivery Versus Payment” (“ DVP ”) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers’ names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).
During the Term, Employee agrees to devote his: (a) full business time, attention and energies to the business of the Company; and (b) reasonable, good faith efforts, skills and abilities to faithfully perform such duties as are customary and appropriate in his capacity as President as set forth in Section 2.3 above, in each case to the best of his ability.  Employee will have all power and authority reasonably required to enable him to discharge such duties in an effective manner, including the authority to bind the Company.  Employee agrees to comply with all Company Policies in the performance of his duties hereunder.
The Loan and Security Agreement and any and all other documents executed in connection with the Loan and Security Agreement, including, without limitation, any Amendments thereto, shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as the "Loan Documents". Capitalized terms used herein and in the recitals hereto, but not defined herein or therein, shall have the meaning given them in the Loan Documents.
This Agreement may not be altered, amended, or modified except by a written instrument executed by or on behalf of CEOC and the Required Preferred Backstop Investors, provided that if any alteration, amendment or modification could be adverse to any of the Preferred Backstop Investors, such Preferred Backstop Investor’s written consent shall be required. This Agreement shall become binding only after the same is signed and delivered by or on behalf of each of the parties hereto.
With respect to each Plan, the Borrower and all ERISA Affiliates have paid all required minimum contributions and installments on or before the due dates provided under Section 430(j) of the Code and could not reasonably be subject to a lien under Section 430(k) of the Code or Title IV of ERISA. Neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has filed, pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA, an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The Originator will duly pay and discharge, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all material taxes, rates, assessments, fees and governmental charges upon or against the Originator or such Subsidiary or against their respective property, in each case before the same becomes delinquent and before penalties accrue thereon, unless and to the extent that (i) the same is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves under GAAP are provided therefor or (ii) the same would not reasonably be expected to give rise to an Adverse Claim that would not be permitted under Section 5.02 .
Each party, in connection with its performance under this Agreement, will comply with all Applicable Laws.
If any provision hereof is determined to be illegal or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions hereof shall not be affected thereby.
Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants that each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement as amended hereby is the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party and is enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms.
No amendment to this Agreement shall be binding on any of the parties hereto unless such amendment is in writing and is executed by the party against whom enforcement of such amendment is sought.
Subject to Section 2.19(a), the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent and the applicable LC Issuer notice prior to 1:00 p.m. (Chicago time) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance or Modification of each Facility LC, specifying the beneficiary, the proposed date of issuance (or Modification) and the expiry date of such Facility LC, and describing the proposed terms of such Facility LC and the nature of the transactions proposed to be supported thereby. Upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender of the contents thereof and of the amount of such Lender’s participation in such proposed Facility LC. The issuance or Modification by any LC Issuer of any Facility LC shall, in addition to the conditions precedent set forth in Article IV, be subject to the conditions precedent that such Facility LC shall be reasonably satisfactory to such LC Issuer and that the Borrower shall have executed and delivered such application agreement and/or such other instruments and agreements relating to such Facility LC as such LC Issuer shall have reasonably requested (each, a “Facility LC Application”). No LC Issuer shall have any independent duty to ascertain whether the conditions set forth in Article IV have been satisfied; provided, however , that no LC Issuer shall issue a Facility LC if, on or before the proposed date of issuance, such LC Issuer shall have received notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders that any such condition has not been satisfied or waived. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any Facility LC Application, the terms of this Agreement shall control.
I acknowledge that I am not relying on any promises or representations by the Company or any of its agents, representatives or attorneys regarding any subject matter addressed in this Release. I acknowledge that this Release constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and me and that this Release supersedes any previous agreements or understandings between me and the Company, except the Retention Agreement, the Indemnification Agreement, the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, the Insider Trading Policy, and any equity award agreements and equity plans to which they are subject, and any other obligations specifically preserved in this Release.
(a)  Such Grantor will not (and will not affirmatively permit any licensee or sublicensee thereof to) do any act, or omit to do any act, whereby any material Intellectual Property owned by such Grantor may become forfeited, abandoned or dedicated to the public, except to the extent that such Grantor determines in its reasonable business judgment that the maintenance thereof is no longer necessary to the conduct of such Grantor’s business. Each Grantor shall take all commercially reasonable steps which it (or during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent) deems reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances to preserve and protect each item of its material Intellectual Property, including, without limitation, maintaining the quality of any and all products or services used or provided in connection with any of the Trademarks, consistent with the quality of the products and services as of the date hereof, and taking all steps necessary to ensure that all licensed users of any of the Trademarks use such consistent standards of quality.
The non-vested portion of a Participant’s Accrued Benefit shall be treated as a forfeiture when the Participant or his or her spouse (or surviving spouse) receives a distribution of the present value of his or her vested Accrued Benefit, pursuant to Section 8.02, and the Participant’s service attributable to such distribution shall be disregarded as provided in Section 8.07.  For purposes of this Section, if the present value of a Participant’s vested Accrued Benefit is zero, the Participant shall be deemed to have received a distribution of such vested Accrued Benefit.
If any provision herein is or should become inconsistent with any present or future law, rule or regulation of any sovereign government or regulatory body having jurisdiction over the subject matter of this Agreement, such provision shall be deemed to be rescinded or modified in accordance with such law, rule or regulation. In all other respects, this Agreement shall continue to remain in full force and effect.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Credit Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in LOC Obligations and/or Swingline Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Credit Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Credit Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Credit Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Credit Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 11.6 that directly affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.6 , 3.11 and 3.12 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.3(b) . To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.2 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 3.14 as though it were a Lender.
All notices or other communications by a participant to the Company under or in connection with this Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof.
All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any Shelf Registration under Section 2 shall be borne by the Company, whether or not any registration statement related thereto becomes effective.
The failure of any Party to require strict performance by any other Party of any provision in this Agreement will not waive or diminish that Party’s right to demand strict performance thereafter of that or any other provision hereof.
This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company, the Agent, each Indemnified Person (as defined in Exhibit I attached hereto) and their respective successors and assignees. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and cancels any prior communications, understandings, and agreements between the parties. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained in this Agreement, including Exhibit I hereto, is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable or against its regulatory policy, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. The Agent is an independent contractor, and any duties of the Agent arising out of its engagement hereunder shall be owed solely to the Company or, where applicable, to the Board of Directors or a special committee thereof. Any advice provided to the Company or the Board of Directors (or a special committee thereof) is solely for the benefit of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without such Agent’s prior written consent. If the Private Placement is consummated, the Agent may, at its expense, place an announcement in such newspapers and periodicals as it may desire, subject to the prior written approval of the Company as to the content thereof.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.  Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will be unable to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Lease, the parties’ obligations hereunder, and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with federal law (to the extent applicable) and the laws of the Tribe, provided that nothing herein shall be deemed to modify the provisions of sections 11 and 15 of this Lease, and, to the extent required to supplement applicable federal law and tribal law, the substantive laws of the State of Connecticut (excepting its choice of law rules).
As of the Agreement Date, Part I of Schedule 6.1.(f) sets forth all of the real property owned or leased by the Parent, the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary. Each such Person has good, marketable and legal title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, its respective assets. As of the Agreement Date, there are no Liens against any assets of the Parent, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party except for Permitted Liens, including, without limitation, those Liens in existence as of the Agreement Date and set forth in Part II of Schedule 6.1.(f).
After giving effect to the Confirmation Order and the Prepackaged Plan, there are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective Properties (i) that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve any Loan Document or the Transactions.
The Borrower shall have no Subsidiaries other than Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to, create or acquire any additional Subsidiary (or designate an E&P Subsidiary to no longer be an E&P Subsidiary) unless the Borrower gives written notice to the Administrative Agent of such creation or acquisition and complies with Section 1.06, Section 8.14(b) and Section 8.17. Unless permitted by Section 9.12, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of any Equity Interests in any of its Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall have no Foreign Subsidiaries.
This Amendment may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
The representations and warranties made by the Company in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such Closing with the same force and effect as if they had been made as of such Closing, and the Company shall have performed all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by it on or prior to such Closing.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable as written, this Agreement shall be construed, to the greatest extent possible, or modified, to the extent allowable by law, in a manner which shall render it valid and enforceable.  No invalidity or unenforceability of any provision contained herein shall affect any other portion of this Agreement .
On and subject to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, (a) the Seller hereby sells, assigns, grants, conveys and transfers to Buyer all of Seller’s right, title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Assets and (b) the Seller hereby assigns and transfers to the Buyer the Assumed Liabilities.
No statement, information, report, representation, or warranty made by Debtor in the Loan Documents or furnished to Lender in connection with the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact known to Debtor which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been disclosed in writing to Lender.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, all payments under the Plan will be subject to reduction for all applicable tax withholdings and other legally or contractually required withholdings. To the extent that amounts credited under the Plan are includable in “wages” for purposes of Chapter 21 of the Code, or are otherwise includable in taxable income, prior to distribution the Company may deduct the required withholding with respect to the wages or income from compensation currently payable to the Participant, or the Committee or its designee may reduce the Participant’s Accounts under the Plan or require the Participant to make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of the Company’s withholding obligations.
Neither the Company nor the Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided , however , that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the consent of the Executive in the event that the Executive is transferred to a position with any of the Affiliates or in the event that the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into, any Person or transfer all or substantially all of its properties or assets to any Person. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Executive, their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns.
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS.
The Investor shall have all rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and all rights and remedies which such holders have been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which the Investor has by law. Any person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any default or breach of any provision of this Agreement, including the recovery of reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, and to exercise all other rights granted by law. NEITHER PARTY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR FOR LOSS OF PROFITS SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY.
This Agreement shall be effective commencing on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to Sections 4.2 and 4.3, until the date that is the later of (1) expiration or invalidation of the last remaining Licensed Patent in Mexico covering Products or (2) expiration of the last remaining Licensed Patent in Brazil covering Dermatological Products.
A Lender that is a Non-Funding Lender pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Non-Funding Lender shall not earn and shall not be entitled to receive, and the Borrower shall not be required to pay, such Lender’s portion of the Unused Commitment Fee during the time such Lender is a Non-Funding Lender pursuant to clause (a) thereof. In the event that any reallocation of Letter of Credit Obligations occurs pursuant to subsection 1.11(e)(ii) , during the period of time that such reallocation remains in effect, the Letter of Credit Fee payable with respect to such reallocated portion shall be payable to (A) all Revolving Lenders based on their pro rata share of such reallocation or (B) to the L/C Issuer for any remaining portion not reallocated to any other Revolving Lenders.
This Guaranty shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of  the United States of America and the State of Texas, U.S.A. (without regard to, and without giving effect to, their conflict of laws rules).
Each Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall perform all covenants in this Section 4.04(b)(ii) .
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person), any Borrower or any Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer, and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 14.3(c) with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s).
This Agreement is a renewal, amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, and, as such, except for the “ Obligations ” as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement (which shall, except with respect to such “ Obligations ” owing to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wachovia Bank, N.A. under the Existing Credit Agreement, survive, be renewed and restated by the terms of this Agreement), all other terms and provisions supersede in their entirety the Existing Credit Agreement. All security agreements, mortgages and other documents and instruments granting a security interest or Lien in the assets of the Co-Borrowers that restate any previously granted security interest or Liens shall supersede any security agreements, mortgages and other documents and instruments granting any such security interest that were executed and delivered in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement (the “ Original Security Documents ”), except for the security interests and Liens created under the Original Security Documents which shall remain valid, binding and enforceable security interests and Liens against the Co-Borrowers and each of the other Persons granting any such security interests and Liens. Except to the extent specifically released, all other Original Security Documents shall continue to secure the Secured Obligations as herein defined, and shall be in full force and effect. The Lenders acknowledge that the intent of this paragraph is to maintain the priority of the security interests and Liens on the assets of the Co-Borrowers to secure the Secured Obligations.
Subject to the other terms hereof, the Parties agree to execute and deliver such other instruments and perform such acts, in addition to the matters herein specified, as may be commercially reasonably appropriate or necessary, from time to time, to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions in accordance with this Agreement.
Buyer shall pay (a) the premium for the Title Policy and the cost of all endorsements and any extended coverage obtained by Buyer thereunder; (b) the cost of the New Survey; (c) one-half (1/2) of all escrow fees and expenses charged by Escrow Agent; (d) all recording fees on any document recorded pursuant to this Agreement; (e) the realty transfer fee/mansion tax imposed by N.J.S.A. 46:15-7.2, if any, due from purchasers pursuant to Form RTF-IEE (Affidavit of Consideration for Use By Buyer); (f) one-half (1/2) of the administrative or transfer fee charged by the City in connection with the assignment of the Financial Agreement to Buyer; (g) with respect to the prepayment or defeasance of the Existing Loan, all prepayment charges (including the Yield Maintenance Premium) and defeasance related costs and expenses, whichever is applicable, and in the case of a defeasance of the Existing Loan, the fees of the defeasance consultant; (h) all state and county transfer taxes with respect to the transaction contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, those imposed pursuant to N.J.S.A. 46:15-7 and 7.1; and (i) except as set forth herein, all other costs incidental to the Closing. Sellers shall pay (a) one-half (1/2) of the administrative or transfer fee charged by the City in connection with the assignment of the Financial Agreement to Buyer; (b) one-half (1/2) of all escrow fees and expenses charged by the Escrow Agent; (c) all recording charges in connection with the release of any mortgages encumbering the Property; and (d) if required, all payments to the City under Section 8.3 of the Financial Agreement.
Executive shall serve as President and CEO for the Bank. Executive shall independently perform such duties as are usual and customary for the position of President and CEO and such other work as the Board shall assign.
Except as set forth above in Section 21 (d), any dispute, claim, or controversy arising from or related to this Agreement shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of British Columbia. The parties hereby expressly consent to this forum selection and expressly waive all jurisdictional defenses, including, without limitation, the jurisdiction defense of forum non conveniens .
The Buyer is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts.
From and after the Closing for a period of seven (7) years following the Closing Date, each party hereto agrees that such party shall not, and Buyer shall cause the Companies not to, destroy, alter or otherwise dispose of any books and records of the Companies or that otherwise relate solely to the Business, or any portions thereof, relating to periods prior to the Closing Date without first giving reasonable prior notice to the other party and offering to surrender to such party such books and records or a copy of such portions thereof. From and after the Closing and in addition to any requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement, each party shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to provide the other party and its authorized representatives with reasonable access (for the purpose of examining and copying), during normal business hours, to the personnel, books and records of the Companies and that relate solely the Business with respect to periods or occurrences prior to the Closing Date to the extent that such access may be reasonably requested by the other party and would not jeopardize an applicable privilege, including in connection with financial statements and reporting obligations under Applicable Law or the requirements of any securities exchange or in the event of litigation.
Without the consent of the holders of a majority (by principal) of any Notes then outstanding, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed ,denied, or conditioned, the Company shall neither, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, create or acquire any additional Subsidiary nor permit any Subsidiary to, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary to any Person. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall have any foreign Subsidiaries.
As an employee of the Company, you will also be eligible to participate in such life insurance, hospitalization, major medical and other health benefits generally offered by the Company to its employees in your general job classification level. This presently includes participation in the Company's medical and dental insurance plans, however, these benefit programs are subject to termination or modification from time-to-time.  You will also be eligible for a $1,000 per month car allowance benefit and to participate in the Company’s 401K plan, subject to its terms.
Each and every right granted to Securities Intermediary hereunder or under any other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, or allowed it by law or equity, shall be cumulative and may be exercised from time to time.  No failure on the part of Securities Intermediary to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by Securities Intermediary of any right preclude any other future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.
Sub Lender, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other party hereto would occur in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that such injury would not be adequately compensable by the remedies available at law (including the payment of monetary damages). It is accordingly agreed that the Sub Lender (or any of the entities and natural persons listed on Exhibit A ), on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand (the “ Moving Party ”), shall each be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive relief, without proof of actual damages, to prevent any violation of, the terms hereof, and the other party hereto will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available at law or in equity. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are hereby waived.
The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at Law or in equity.
As of the Effective Date, the Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 29,930,306 shares are issued and outstanding, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which are issued or outstanding, nor have any of the terms or preferences thereof been designated. All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company have been validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth herein or in the Company SEC Documents, there are no (i) outstanding rights (including, without limitation, preemptive rights), warrants or options to acquire, or instruments convertible into or exchangeable for, any unissued shares of capital stock or other equity interest in the Company, or any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement of any kind to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party and relating to the issuance or sale of any capital stock or convertible or exchangeable security of the Company or any subsidiary, other than options to purchase up to 3,163,600 shares of Common Stock granted to directors, employees and service providers of the Company pursuant to its 2011 Stock Option Plan, warrants to purchase up to 2,550,000 shares of Common Stock and an estimated 2,466,667 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding indebtedness; or (ii) obligations of the Company to purchase redeem or otherwise acquire any of its outstanding capital stock or any interest therein or to pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect thereof. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents, there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions, co-sale rights, registration rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights contained in the terms governing any outstanding security of the Company that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities or the Warrant Shares. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents and as otherwise required by law, there are no restrictions upon the voting or transfer of any of the shares of capital stock of the Company pursuant to the Charter Documents or other governing documents or any agreement or other instruments to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound. The Company does not have outstanding stockholder purchase rights or “poison pill” or any similar arrangement in effect giving any person the right to purchase any equity interest in the Company upon the occurrence of certain events.
Subject to 3.1(g), the Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.
I f one or mo r e of the p r ovisions in this A g r e e m e nt a r e d ee m ed void b y l aw , th e n t h e re m a ining p r ovisions w ill c o ntinue in f ull f o rc e a nd e f fec t.
Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (a “ Payment ”) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the “ Excise Tax ”), then, prior to the making of any Payment to the Executive, a calculation shall be made comparing (i) the net benefit to the Executive of the Payment after payment of the Excise Tax, to (ii) the net benefit to the Executive if the Payment had been limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. If the amount calculated under (i) above is less than the amount calculated under (ii) above, then the Payment shall be limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax (the “ Reduced Amount ”). The reduction of the Payments due hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by first reducing cash Payments and then, to the extent necessary, reducing those Payments having the next highest ratio of Parachute Value to actual present value of such Payments as of the date of the change of control, as determined by the Determination Firm (as defined in Section 10(b) below). For purposes of this Section 10 , present value shall be determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. For purposes of this Section 10 , the “ Parachute Value ” of a Payment means the present value as of the date of the change of control of the portion of such Payment that constitutes a “parachute payment” under Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, as determined by the Determination Firm for purposes of determining whether and to what extent the Excise Tax shall apply to such Payment.
If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement is illegal or unenforceable and such provision or provisions cannot be modified to be enforceable, then such provision will immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of this Agreement in full force and effect.
If you are made a party to, are threatened to be made a party to, receive any legal process in, or receive any discovery request or request for information in connection with, any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a “ Proceeding ”), by reason of the fact that you were an officer, director, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, or were serving at the request of or on behalf of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, the Company shall indemnify and hold you harmless to the fullest extent permitted or authorized by the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Code of Regulations or, if greater, by the laws of the State of Tennessee, against all costs, expenses, liabilities and losses you incur in connection therewith.  Such indemnification shall continue even if you have ceased to be an officer, director, employee or agent of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, and shall inure to the benefit of your heirs, executors and administrators.  The Company shall reimburse you for all costs and expenses you incur in connection with any Proceeding within 20 business days after receipt by the Company of a written requests for such reimbursement and appropriate documentation associated with such expenses.  In addition, the Company agrees to maintain a director’s and officer’s liability insurance policy or policies covering you at a level and on terms and conditions no less favorable than the Company provides it directors and senior-level officers currently (subject to any future improvement in such terms and conditions), until such time as legal or regulatory action against you are no longer permitted by law.
Each Co-Borrower and each Subsidiary owns and possesses or has a license or other right to use all patents, patent rights, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, service marks, service mark rights and copyrights as are necessary for the conduct of the businesses of the Co-Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, without any infringement upon rights of others which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company has filed with the SEC its audited balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 (the “ Statement Date ”), and the audited statements of income and cash flows for the year ending on the Statement Date (together, the “ Audited Financial Statements ”), and its unaudited balance sheet as of March 31, 2016, and the unaudited statements of income and cash flows for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (together, the “ Unaudited Financial Statements ”). The Audited Financial Statements and the Unaudited Financial Statements, together with the notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied throughout the periods indicated, subject in the case of the Unaudited Financial Statements, to normal year-end adjustments, and present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and position and results of operation of the Company as of the Statement Date or March 31, 2016, as applicable, and for the periods indicated.
Each Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby it shall sell or transfer any Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such Property which it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the Property being sold or transferred.
Each Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that (a) with respect to projected financial information, the Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time and (b) it is understood and agreed that uncertainty is inherent in any forecasts or projections and no assurances can be given by the Company of the future achievement of such performance.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Grantee ceases to be a Service Provider during the Performance Period as a result of Grantee’s death, Grantee’s Performance Units shall immediately become fully vested based on the Target number set forth in “Number of Performance Units in Award” in Section I.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that will be timely publicly disclosed by the Company, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement or any Prospectus Supplements thereto.   The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting purchases and sales of securities of the Company.  All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, taken as a whole, including the disclosure schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the 12 months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole did not as of their issue date contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor neither makes nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3 hereof.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above Attention: Lawrence A. Kenyon, Chief Financial Officer , facsimile number +1 (609) 228-4113, email address LawrenceKenyon@OncoBiologics.com, or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.
The employment of the Executive under this Agreement shall be for the Term. Following the initial Term, the Term shall be extended for successive one-year periods as of each Renewal Date unless, with respect to any such Renewal Date, (a) the Company gives the Executive at least three months’ prior written notice of an election not to extend the Term or (b) the Executive gives the Company at least twelve months’ prior written notice of an election not to extend the Term.
(a) Comply, and cause each other Loan Party and each Subsidiary of the Loan Parties to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, decrees, orders, judgments, licenses and permits, except where failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) without limiting clause (a) above, ensure, and cause each other Loan Party and each Subsidiary of the Loan Parties to ensure, that no person who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls such Loan Party or such Subsidiary is or shall be (i) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“ OFAC ”), Department of the Treasury, and/or any other similar lists maintained by OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order or regulation or (ii) a person designated under Section 1(b), (c) or (d) of Executive Order No. 13224 (September 23, 2001), any related enabling legislation or any other similar Executive Orders, (c) without limiting clause (a) above, comply, and cause each other Loan Party and each Subsidiary of the Loan Parties to comply, with all applicable Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering laws and regulations and (d) except where failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, pay, and cause each other Loan Party and each Subsidiary of the Loan Parties to pay, prior to delinquency, all material taxes and other governmental charges against it or any of its property, including the Collateral, as well as claims of any kind which, if unpaid, could become a Lien on any of its property; provided that the foregoing shall not require any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to pay any such tax or charge so long as it shall contest the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and shall set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and, in the case of a claim which could become a Lien on any Collateral, such contest proceedings shall stay the foreclosure of such Lien or the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such claim.
This Agreement has been, and each of the Rights Agreements, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Company. This Agreement constitutes, and each of the Rights Agreements when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, examinership, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally.
Except as provided in Section 1.3(b), the Daily Balance of Advances will bear interest at a variable per annum rate equal to Daily Three Month LIBOR plus 3.50%.
During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay the Executive a base salary at the annual rate of $440,000, payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices. The Executive shall be entitled to such increases in the Executive’s base salary, if any, as may be determined from time to time in the sole discretion of the board of directors of the Company (the “ Board ”) (or a committee of the Board), which shall review the Executive’s base salary on a basis no less frequent than annually. The Executive’s annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as the “ Base Salary .” The Base Salary may be reduced, subject to the limitations of the Good Reason definition provided for in Section 7(c)(ii)(A) of this Agreement.
To the extent required by applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law, the Participant or his successor shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation, in its discretion, for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with an Award. The Corporation shall not be required to issue any Shares or make any other payment under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied.
Each party will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all of the parties and, to the extent permitted by this Agreement, their successors, legal representatives and assigns.
Service Recipient will, for each Service performed, reimburse Service Provider for any reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses payable to Third Parties which are incurred by Service Provider or its Affiliates in connection with Service Provider’s provision of such Service (“ Expenses ”); provided that the Expenses will not include the allocation of any corporate overhead or similar expenses incurred by Service Provider or its Affiliates in connection with the performance of the Services. Within ten (10) days after the end of each calendar month during the Term, Service Provider will provide Service Recipient with a report detailing the Expenses for such previous month. In addition, Service Provider will provide Service Recipient with advance written notice of any single Expense or series of related Expenses expected to be in excess of $25,000.
The Plan shall be effective as of May 16, 2016 (the “ Effective Date ”).
Any notices or communications required in this Agreement or permitted to be given shall be in writing and delivered personally, by a recognized courier service, by a recognized overnight delivery service, by facsimile or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, at the applicable address or facsimile number indicated on the signature pages hereto (or such other address as provided by the parties from time to time in accordance with this Section 4.2 ) and any such notice shall be deemed to have been given and received on the day it is personally delivered or delivered by courier or overnight delivery service or sent by facsimile or, if mailed, when actually received.
Each Party acknowledges that because money damages would be an insufficient remedy for any failure of any Party to perform its obligations in accordance with their specific terms or any other breach of this Agreement by any Party, each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy of any such breach, including, without limitation, an order of the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply promptly with, or to prevent breaches of, any of its obligations hereunder (including to take such actions as are necessary to consummate the Restructuring as contemplated by this Agreement and the CEOC Plan), without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as an exclusive remedy. Each of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense that a remedy at law is adequate and (b) any requirement to post bond or other security in connection with actions instituted for injunctive relief, specific performance, or other equitable remedies. Nothing herein waives entitlements to money damages or any other remedies available at law or equity. None of the Parties shall oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief when available pursuant to the terms of this Agreement on the basis that the other Parties have an adequate remedy at law.
No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company, any Subsidiary or an Investor for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company other than Garden State Securities, Inc., which will receive a cash fee of 10% and warrants equal to 10% of the securities issued in the Offering (on an as converted basis).
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500, unless, in the case of the processing and recordation fee, such assignment is to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, elects to waive such processing and recordation fee.  The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
Executive and the Company agree and acknowledge that the limitations as to time, geographical area and scope of activity to be restrained as set forth in Section 7.2 hereof are reasonable and do not impose any greater restraint than is necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company. Executive and the Company also acknowledge that money damages would not be sufficient remedy for any breach of Article VI or this Article VII by Executive, and the Company or its affiliates shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of Article VI and this Article VII by seeking in a court of competent jurisdiction specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of Article VI or this Article VII but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including the recovery of damages from Executive and Executive’s agents.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $4,500 ($7,500 if such Lender is a Defaulting Lender as such time) for each assignment, and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. If requested by the transferor Lender or the Eligible Assignee, upon the consummation of any assignment, the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes are issued to the Eligible Assignee and such transferor Lender, as appropriate. In no event shall the consummation of any such assignment subject Borrower or any other Loan Party to any fees, costs or expenses.
Each of the parties hereto shall execute and provide all additional documents and other assurances that are reasonably necessary to carry out and give effect to the intent of the parties reflected in this Agreement.
This Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between Awardee and the Company regarding SUAs. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning these SUAs are superseded. This Award Agreement may be amended only by written agreement of Awardee and the Company, without consent of any other person. Awardee agrees not to rely on any oral information regarding this Award of SUAs or any written materials not identified in this Section 19.
This Agreement may not be transferred or assigned, in whole or in part, by either party without the prior written consent of the other party being first obtained.
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW WHICH CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, AND COVENANTS THAT IT WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE), ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY FORUM IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION, OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, ANY OTHER FUNDAMENTAL DOCUMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER THEREOF, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INFORMED BY THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION CONSTITUTE A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT UPON WHICH SUCH OTHER PARTIES HAVE RELIED, ARE RELYING AND WILL RELY IN ENTERING INTO THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER FUNDAMENTAL DOCUMENT. ANY PARTY MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 11.8 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE WAIVER OF ITS RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY.
Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but which is not defined in this Seventh Amendment, shall have the meaning ascribed such term in the Credit Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all article, section and exhibit references in this Seventh Amendment refer to articles, sections and exhibits of the Credit Agreement.
All remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by applicable law.  The parties agree and acknowledge that money damages may not be an adequate remedy for any breach by a party of the provisions of this Agreement and that the any party may in its sole discretion apply to a court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction (without posting any bond or other security) for specific performance and for other injunctive relief to enforce or prevent violation of the provisions of this Agreement.
If any Incremental Commitments are added in accordance with this Section 2.16 , the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (each, an “ Incremental Effective Date ”) and the final allocation thereof. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, the existing Lenders and the Incremental Lenders of the final allocation of such addition and the Incremental Effective Date.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.8 shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.
Each of the Priority Lien Agent, the Second Lien Collateral Trustee and the Third Lien Collateral Trustee represents and warrants to the other parties hereto that it is authorized under the Priority Credit Agreement, the Second Lien Collateral Trust Agreement and the Third Lien Collateral Trust Agreement, as the case may be, to enter into this Agreement.
Capitalized terms used herein which are defined in this Section 1 have the respective meanings assigned hereto in this Section 1. All other capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section 3.2, any expenditures or commitments by the Consultant in anticipation of any requirements of the Company are at the Consultant’s sole risk and expense. The Company shall not reimburse the Consultant for any expenses incurred by the Consultant in the performance of the Services or otherwise, unless the Company has approved in writing the reimbursement of the Consultant for such expenses. Any such approved expenses shall be reimbursed within thirty (30) days after the Consultant presents the Company with documentation acceptable to the Company of such expenses and in accordance with the Company’s travel and business expense reimbursement policies as they may exist and be amended from time to time.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the Company or any Noteholder from making such disclosures as may be required by law.
The businesses of each of the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been, and are not being, conducted in violation of any Laws, except for violations that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material.  Except with respect to routine examinations of patent, trademark and copyright applications filed or to be filed with U.S. and non-U.S. patent offices, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, nor has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to conduct the same .  To the knowledge of the Company, no material change is required in the Company’s or any of the Subsidiaries’ processes, properties or procedures in connection with any such Laws, and the Company has not received any notice or communication of any material noncompliance with any such Laws that has not been cured as of the date hereof.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same instrument. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the originals graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signatures, and shall be deemed original signatures by both Parties.
As of each Advance Date, after giving effect to each Advance made on such Advance Date, the Borrower is and will be Solvent and able to pay its debts as they come due, and will have adequate capital to conduct its business.
The headings inserted in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement.
If the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary through each Vesting Date set forth in the Notice of Grant, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest (it being understood that Units shall vest cumulatively) and the Company shall electronically register one share of Common Stock in the Participant’s name for each vested Unit.
The Company shall employ the Executive as its Senior Vice President of Homebuilding and Development/President - East Region, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment on the following terms and conditions. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive agrees to be employed by the Company for a term starting on the Effective Date and initially ending on August 31, 2017 (the “ Initial Term ”); provided that sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term and sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of each renewal term thereafter, the Term shall be extended automatically for successive one (1) year periods; provided further that either party may elect not to renew this Agreement by giving written notice thereof to the other party at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then current Term. The employment term described in this Paragraph 1, including the Initial Term and any renewals thereafter, is referred to in this Agreement as the “ Term .” The Executive understands and agrees that he is an at-will employee, and the Executive and the Company can, and shall have the right to, terminate the employment relationship at any time for any or no reason, with or without notice, and with or without cause, subject to the payment provisions contained in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement or any other agreement shall alter the at-will relationship. In the event that the Executive ceases to be employed by the Company for any reason, the Executive shall tender his resignation from all positions he holds with the Company, effective on the date his employment is terminated.
You will serve as Non-Executive Chairman until either you or the Board of Directors (the “ Board ”) provides written notice of your termination from such position or if you leave the Board for any reason (the “ Term ”).
In order to receive amounts payable under Section 2 hereof, Executive must execute a timely and effective release of claims in the form attached hereto and marked Exhibit A (the "Release of Claims"), and no amounts will be payable under Section 2 hereof until the Release of Claims is effective. In addition, Executive must maintain ongoing compliance with all of his obligations under this Agreement and the Severance Agreement. The Release of Claims creates legally binding obligations and the Company therefore advises Executive to consult an attorney before signing it.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OBLIGOR AND LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF LENDER IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, OR ENFORCEMENT THEREOF. EACH OBLIGOR (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT DEBTOR HAS BEEN INDUCED TO EXECUTE THIS NOTE AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Sharp agrees not to disparage the Company or its officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents, in any manner likely to be harmful to them or their business, business relationships or personal reputations. Sharp shall respond accurately and fully to any questions, inquiry or request for information when required by legal process, notwithstanding the foregoing. Sharp will report to the CEO any defamatory comments made about him by any individual Company employee or agent, and the Company will take reasonable measures to cease such communications.
Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York sitting in the borough of Manhattan, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty or any other Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Guaranty or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Guaranty or any other Loan Document against any Guarantor or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and you with all applicable state and federal laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company’s Common Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer.
The Company shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Participant and/or to deduct from the Shares otherwise issuable hereunder or other compensation payable to the Participant any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld or to satisfy any applicable payroll deductions with respect to the payment of any RSU.
This AGREEMENT may be signed in counterparts and said counterparts shall be treated as though signed as one document.
The headings are used herein for convenience of reference only, and shall not be deemed to vary the content of this Agreement.
The Borrower and each Obligor, in consideration of the Administrative Agent’s and the undersigned Lenders’ execution and delivery of this Amendment and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, unconditionally, freely, voluntarily and, after consultation with counsel and becoming fully and adequately informed as to the relevant facts, circumstances and consequences, releases, waives and forever discharges (and further agrees not to allege, claim or pursue) any and all claims, rights, causes of action, counterclaims or defenses of any kind whatsoever, in contract, in tort, in law or in equity, whether known or unknown, direct or derivative, which the Borrower, each Obligor or any predecessor, successor or assign might otherwise have or may have against the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, their present or former subsidiaries and affiliates or any of the foregoing’s officers, directors, employees, attorneys or other representatives or agents on account of any conduct, condition, act, omission, event, contract, liability, obligation, demand, covenant, promise, indebtedness, claim, right, cause of action, suit, damage, defense, circumstance or matter of any kind whatsoever which existed, arose or occurred at any time prior to the Amendment Effective Date relating to the Loan Documents, this Amendment and/or the transactions contemplated thereby or hereby. The foregoing release shall survive the termination of this Amendment.
The terms of this Agreement, collectively with the Offer Letter, the Confidentiality Agreement between the Company and Executive entered into on or about the date herewith (the “Confidentiality Agreement” ), and the Indemnification Agreement, is intended by the Parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the employment of Executive by the Company and supersede all prior understandings and agreements (but not the Confidentiality Agreement or the Indemnification Agreement), whether written or oral. The parties further intend that this Agreement, collectively with the Offer Letter, the Confidentiality Agreement, and the Indemnification Agreement, shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of their terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to vary the terms of this Agreement.
(a) To the extent not prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements, the Indemnified Parties may enforce the obligations of Borrower without first resorting to or exhausting any security or collateral or without first having recourse to the Note, the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Documents, through foreclosure proceedings or otherwise. Except as expressly set forth herein, it is not necessary for an Event of Default to have occurred pursuant to and as defined in the Loan Agreement for any Indemnified Party to exercise its rights pursuant to this Agreement. Indemnitor hereby acknowledges and agrees that Indemnitor is fully and personally liable for the obligations thereunder, and any liability hereunder is not limited to the original or amortized principal balance of the Loan or the value of the Property.
Borrower may not assign this Note without the prior written consent of Lender. This Note may be offered, sold, assigned, pledged, encumbered or transferred by Lender without the consent of Borrower.
This Agreement, together with the exhibits attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be amended or modified only with the written consent of Executive and the Board. No oral waiver, amendment or modification will be effective under any circumstances whatsoever.
No later than the Delivery Date, if applicable, the Grantee will pay, or otherwise provide for to the satisfaction of Artisan, any applicable federal, state and local tax and social security withholding obligations of Artisan. To the extent permitted by law, the Grantee may provide for payment of withholding taxes by requesting that Artisan retain Shares with a Fair Market Value (determined as of the Delivery Date) equal to the statutory minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld. In such case, Artisan will issue the net number of Shares to the Grantee by deducting the Shares retained from the Shares to be issued. If the Grantee shall fail to make such payment or otherwise satisfy such obligations, Artisan shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right (but not the obligation) to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee (including the delivery of Shares hereunder) any federal, state or local tax and social security withholding obligations with respect to the RSUs.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” signature page were an original thereof.
Executive’s initial annual base salary will be $550,000, less applicable withholdings and deductions, payable according to UnitedHealth Group’s regular payroll schedule. Periodic adjustments to Executive’s base salary may be made in UnitedHealth Group’s sole discretion.
All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, certified mail, return receipt requested, or delivered, if to (i) the Borrower, to it at 8503 Hilltop Drive, Ooltewah, Tennessee 37363, Attention: Vincent Mish and Frank Madonia, Telecopy: (423) 238-8417, (ii) the Lender to it at 701 Market Street, Chattanooga, Tennessee 37402, Attention: Commercial Lending, Telecopy: (423) 757-4028, or (iii) as to any such person at such other address as shall be designated by such person in a written notice to the other parties hereto complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 9.2. All such notices and other communications shall be effective (i) if mailed, when received or three (3) business days after mailing, whichever is earlier; or (ii) if delivered by national overnight courier company or other personal delivery, upon delivery; or (iii) if delivered by electronic mail or facsimile, upon delivery. Notice shall be deemed given upon receipt or refusal to accept delivery.
Should a court of competent jurisdiction determine that any section or sub-section of this letter agreement is unenforceable because one or all of them are vague or overly broad, the parties agree that this letter agreement may and shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. It is the intent of the parties that each section and sub-section of this letter agreement be a separate and distinct promise and that unenforceability of any one subsection shall have no effect on the enforceability of another.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York and any applicable law of the United States of America. The terms and conditions of Section 19.3 of the Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by this reference, with the same force and effect as if set forth herein in their entirety.
THE BORROWER, AGCO, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE TERM LOAN OR THE ACTIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT THEREOF.
The Parties agree that Brixmor’s obligations under Section 8(b) of the Employment Agreement will continue beyond the Separation Date and that Section 8(b) is incorporated herein as if fully set forth herein.
It has the requisite power and authority to enter into each of the Transaction Agreements to which it is a party, and to perform its obligations thereunder. Each of the Transaction Agreements to which it is a party (i) has been duly authorized, (ii) has been duly executed and delivered by it and (iii) is a valid and binding agreement of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject to the qualification that equitable remedies may be granted in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction.
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (not later than three (3) Business Days (or such shorter period as the applicable Issuing Lender shall agree) in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by an Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed $10,000,000, (ii) no Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Commitment, (iii) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments and (iv) with respect to any Issuing Bank, the sum of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank at such time plus the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Commitment of such Issuing Bank. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce or increase the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank as provided in the definition of Letter of Credit Commitment; provided that the Borrower shall not reduce or increase the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction or increase, the conditions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above shall not be satisfied.
Capitalized terms that are used herein shall have the meanings given such terms in this Amendment and Waiver Agreement or in the Collective Agreements, as applicable.
Such Originator will comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, the non-compliance with which would have a Material Adverse Effect.  In addition, and without limiting the foregoing sentence, each of the Seller Parties will (i) ensure, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (if any) to ensure, that no Person who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls such Person is or shall be a Sanctioned Person, (ii) not use or permit the use of the proceeds of any Receivable to violate any of the foreign asset control regulations of OFAC or any enabling statute or Executive Order relating thereto, and (iii) comply, and cause each Subsidiary to comply, with all Anti-Terrorism Laws.
The Borrower agrees (a) if the Closing Date occurs, (1) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the Arrangers and the Bookrunners and their respective Affiliates for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (2) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, in each case, all Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the Arrangers and the Bookrunners and their respective Affiliates, taken as a whole, or the Administrative Agent (and its Affiliates), as applicable, and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interests of the Lenders taken as a whole or otherwise retained with the Borrower’s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned and (b) from and after the Closing Date, to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or protection of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all respective Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent, and if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interests of the Lenders taken as a whole and, solely in the case of an actual conflict of interest, where the Lenders affected by such conflict notify the Borrower of the existence of such conflict and thereafter, after receipt of the Borrower’s consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), one additional counsel to each group of similarly situated affected parties). The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid within 30 days following receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail ( provided that the Lender need not be required to disclose any confidential information or to the extent prohibited by law or regulation); provided that, with respect to the Closing Date, all amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid on the Closing Date solely to the extent invoiced to the Borrower within two Business Days of the Closing Date. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its discretion following five Business Days’ prior written notice to the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10.04 shall not apply to Taxes, except any Taxes that represent costs and expenses arising from any non-Tax claim.
Borrower represents and warrants to Lender that the execution, delivery, and performance by Borrower of the Loan Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Borrower and do not contravene the Borrower's Organizational Documents, do not contravene any provision of, or constitute a default under, any material indenture, mortgage, contract, or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which it is bound, and that upon execution and delivery thereof, the Loan Documents will constitute legal, valid, and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.
The Company shall at all times during the term of this Option reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Incentive Plan Award Agreement. This Incentive Plan Award Agreement shall be binding in all respects on the Participant’s heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. This Incentive Plan Award Agreement is entered into under the laws of the State of Minnesota and shall be construed and interpreted thereunder.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provision of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, and the Swing Line Lender the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
From the Effective Date until the Investment Grade Covenants Date, the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to: (a) call, make or offer to make any optional or voluntary Redemption of or otherwise optionally or voluntarily Redeem (whether in whole or in part) any Junior Indebtedness; provided that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may Redeem Junior Indebtedness: (i) with the proceeds of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness and (ii) so long as (A) both before and immediately after giving effect to such Redemption, no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (B) after giving effect to such Redemption, on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio shall be greater than or equal to 4.50 to 1.00 and (C) both before and immediately after giving effect to such Redemption, Liquidity equals or exceeds $1,000,000,000 and shall remain equal to or in excess of $1,000,000,000 for the remainder of the day on which such Redemption is consummated; or (b) amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of any Junior Indebtedness or the documentation governing any Junior Indebtedness if (i) the effect thereof would be to shorten its Stated Maturity or Average Life or increase the amount of any payment of principal thereof or increase the rate or shorten any period for payment of interest thereon or (ii) such action requires the payment of a consent fee (howsoever described); provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit the execution of supplemental indentures associated with the issuance of additional Permitted Additional Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01(a)(viii) or the execution of supplemental indentures to add guarantors if required by the terms of the 2012 Indenture, the 2014 Indenture or any documentation governing any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness thereof, provided such Person complies with Section 5.09, or (iii) with respect to any Junior Indebtedness that is subordinated to the Obligations or any other Indebtedness, designate any such Indebtedness (other than obligations of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries pursuant to the Loan Documents) as “Specified Senior Indebtedness” or “Specified Guarantor Senior Indebtedness” or give any such other Indebtedness any other similar designation for the purposes of any documentation governing Junior Indebtedness that is subordinated to the Obligations or any other Indebtedness.
The division of this Agreement into Articles, Sections and other subdivisions and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect or be utilized in construing or interpreting this Agreement. All references in this Agreement to any “Article”, “Section” or other subdivision are to the corresponding Article, Section or other subdivision of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.
The Issuer has good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, (i) all Collateral owned by it and (ii) all of its property that is essential to its business as conducted on the Initial Issue Date or Additional Issue Date, as applicable, and none of such Collateral or other property is subject to any Lien except as contemplated by the Security Documents.
The Holder hereby waives, effective as of the Effective Time: (i) the Company’s restriction to incur Indebtedness (as defined in the 2015 Notes) in accordance with Section 17(a) of the 2015 Notes, (ii) the Company’s restriction to incur Liens (as defined in the 2015 Notes) in accordance with Section 17(b) of the 2015 Notes, (iii) the Company’s restriction to incur Indebtedness that ranks pari passu with the 2015 Notes pursuant to Section 16 of the 2015 Notes, (iv) the Company’s restriction in incur Liens (as defined in the 2015 Notes) on certain types of intellectual property in accordance with Section 17(g) of the 2015 Notes, in each case of sections (i) – (iv), solely with respect to entering into the New Transaction Documents and consummating the transactions contemplated thereby, (v) any breach of the 2015 RRA prior to and including the date hereof under Section 2(a) of the 2015 RRA for the Company’s failure to have the Initial Registration Statement (as defined in the 2015 RRA) brought effective by the Initial Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the 2015 RRA), (vi) the Holder’s right to Registration Delay Payments (as defined under the 2015 RRA) prior to and including the date hereof for the Company’s failure to have the Initial Registration Statement brought effective by the Initial Effectiveness Deadline and (vii) from and including the date hereof through August 31, 2016, the Company’s obligations under Section 2(a) to file or bring effective a Registration Statement under the 2015 RRA for the resale of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the 2015 RRA) (collectively, the “ Waiver ”).
The Company shall reimburse the Shareholder Group for its reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including legal expenses) incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, provided that such reimbursement shall not exceed $60,000 in the aggregate.
This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers, provided, however, that in the event that the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, share exchange or similar business combination transaction in which the Common Stock is converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term “Company” shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term “Registrable Securities” shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Purchasers in connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Purchasers after giving effect to such transaction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Texas applicable to agreement made to be performed therein.
The headings of the Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.
The Maker hereby waives presentment, demand, notice of nonpayment, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance or enforcement of this Note.
Insurance, if any, carried by Sellers on the Condominium Property shall be terminated at Closing, and Purchaser shall be solely responsible for acquiring insurance coverage on the Condominium Property.
At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse Buyer for expenses incurred by them in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other agreements to be executed in connection herewith ( “ Documents ” ), including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys ’ and consultants ’ fees and expenses, transfer agent fees, fees for stock quotation services, fees relating to any amendments or modifications of the Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the Documents, fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated by the Documents.  When possible, the Company must pay these fees directly, otherwise the Company must make immediate payment for reimbursement to the Buyer for all fees and expenses immediately upon written notice by the Buyer or the submission of an invoice by the Buyer. It is understood that at Closing, the only expenses shall be as indicated in the disbursement memo, however, the Company shall be responsible for post-closing expenses relating to the issuing and delivering of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note.
Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Company or the Participant under this Agreement will be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, in the case of the Company, to the principal office of the Company, directed to the attention of the Company, and in the case of the Participant, to the last known address of the Participant indicated on the employment records of the Company.  Such notice will be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification.  Notices to the Company may be permitted by electronic communication according to specifications established by the Company.
The guarantees made hereunder (a) shall terminate when all of the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid and performed in full, and (b) shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Guaranteed Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any Lender or Guarantor upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of Borrower, Guarantor or otherwise.
In the event of any equity restructuring (within the meaning of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compe nsation—Stock Compensation) that causes the per share value of shares of Common Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering or recapitalization through an extraordinary dividend, the number and class of shares of Common Stock subject to the Award shall be appropriately and equitably adjusted by the Committee.  In the event of any other change in corporate capitalization, including a merger, consolidation, reorganization or partial or complete liquidation of the Company, such adjustment described in the foregoing sentence may be made as determined to be appropriate and equitable by the Committee to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights of participants.  In either case, such adjustment shall be final, binding and conclu sive.  If such adjustment would result in a fractional share being subject to the Award, the Company shall pay the holder of the Award, on the date that the shares with respect to the Award are issued, an amount in cash determined by multiplying (i) the fr action of such share (rounded to the nearest hundredth) by (ii) the Fair Market Value of a share on the date that the Restriction Period with respect to the Award terminates.
Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration ( "Arbitration" ) to be conducted exclusively in Salt Lake County or Utah County, Utah and pursuant to the terms set forth in these Arbitration Provisions. Subject to the arbitration appeal right provided for hi Paragraph 5 below (the "Appeal Right" ), the parties agree that the award of the arbitrator rendered pursuant to Paragraph 4 below (the "Arbitration Award" ) shall be (a) final and binding upon the parties, (b) the sole and exclusive remedy between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded to the arbitrator, and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Subject to the Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Arbitration Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. The Arbitration Award shall include default interest (as defined or otherwise provided for in the Note, "Default Interest" ) (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate specified in the Note for Default Interest both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Arbitration Award will be entered and enforced by any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah.
The Borrower has furnished to the Administrative Agent copies of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 2015 and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 December 31, 2015 , together with (in each case) the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flow for the fiscal quarter ended on such date.  Such balance sheet and statements (including in each case related schedules and notes) are complete and correct in all material respects and present fairly in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the applicable periods, the consolidated financial position of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the date thereof and the results of operations and the cash flow for such period (subject, in the case of the unaudited statements, to changes resulting from normal year end audit adjustments and the inclusion in the final audited statements of footnotes that were not contained in the unaudited statements).  Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any of its Subsidiaries has on the Agreement Date any material contingent liabilities, liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual or long-term commitments or unrealized or forward anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments, except as referred to or reflected or provided for in the foregoing financial statements.
If a Participant dies before his Benefit Commencement Date, or if the Participant dies after his Benefit Commencement Date and before his entire nonforfeitable interest in his Account has been paid to him, his remaining nonforfeitable interest in his Account shall be paid to, or applied for the benefit of, his beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of this Article. In the case of a Participant who dies on or after January 1, 2007 while performing Qualified Military Service (as defined in Code §414(u)), the survivors of such Participant shall be entitled to any benefit, including but not limited to any acceleration of vesting, that would be provided under the Plan had the Participant resumed employment with his employer and then terminated employment on account of his death.
During the Transition Period and the Interim Period, the Executive will (i) receive his base salary as in effect on the Effective Date and (ii) participate in the Company’s retirement and welfare benefit plans, expense reimbursement and vacation policies, as such plans, programs and policies may be in effect from time to time (collectively, the “ Plans ”).
The Original Senior Lien Agent represents and warrants to each other Agent that it has the requisite power and authority under the Original Senior Lien Facility Documents to enter into, execute, deliver, and carry out the terms of this Agreement on behalf of itself and the Original Senior Lien Creditors.  The [       ] (1)  [Senior/Junior](2) Lien Agent represents and warrants to each other Agent that it has the requisite power and authority under the [       ](1) [Senior/Junior](2) Lien Facility Documents to enter into, execute, deliver, and carry out the terms of this Agreement on behalf of itself and the [        ](1) [Senior/Junior](2) Lien Creditors.  Each Additional Agent represents and warrants to each other Agent that it has the requisite power and authority under the applicable Additional Documents to enter into, execute, deliver, and carry out the terms of this Agreement on behalf of itself and any Additional Creditors represented thereby.
A breach of this Agreement (“ Breach ”) shall occur upon the failure by a Party to perform or observe a material term or condition of this Agreement. A default of this Agreement (“ Default ”) shall occur upon the failure of a Party in Breach of this Agreement to cure such Breach in accordance with Section 21.4.
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
The term of Rodman’s exclusive engagement will begin on the date hereof and end 30 days after the date hereof (the “ Term ”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company agrees that the provisions relating to the payment of fees, reimbursement of expenses, indemnification and contribution, confidentiality, conflicts, independent contractor and waiver of the right to trial by jury will survive any termination of this Agreement. During Rodman’s engagement hereunder: (i) the Company will not, and will not permit its representatives to, other than in coordination with Rodman, contact or solicit institutions, corporations or other entities or individuals as potential purchasers of the Securities and (ii) the Company will not pursue any financing transaction which would be in lieu of a Offering. Furthermore, the Company agrees that during Rodman’s engagement hereunder, all inquiries, whether direct or indirect, from prospective investors will be referred to Rodman and will be deemed to have been contacted by Rodman in connection with an Offering. Additionally, except as set forth hereunder, the Company represents, warrants and covenants that no brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other third-party with respect to any Offering.
The Executive understands and agrees that the Executive’s employment creates a relationship of confidence and trust between the Executive and the Employers with respect to all Confidential Information.  At all times, both during the Executive’s employment with the Employers and after its termination, the Executive will keep in confidence and trust all such Confidential Information, and will not use or disclose any such Confidential Information without the written consent of the Employers, except as may be necessary in the ordinary course of performing the Executive’s duties to the Employers.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the end of the Evaluation Period and, if at the end of the Evaluation Period, Abbott is Developing a Candidate or Commercializing a Product arising out of the Research Program, thereafter until (a) such time as Abbott is no longer Developing a Candidate for use in the Field and in the Territory or (b) if, as of the time Abbott is no longer Developing any Candidates, Abbott is Commercializing any Product, until such time as all Royalty Terms for all Products and all Co-Development Terms for all Co-Developed Products have ended, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 11 (the “ Term ”).
This Agreement survives and continues in full force in accordance with its terms notwithstanding the expiration or termination of the Employment Period.
Take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent may reasonably require from time to time in order (i) to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) to subject to valid and perfected first priority Liens any of the Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, (iii) to establish and maintain the validity and effectiveness of any of the Loan Documents and the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens intended to be created thereby, and (iv) to better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer and confirm unto each Secured Party the rights now or hereafter intended to be granted to it under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  In furtherance of the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party (i) authorizes each Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Loan Party's name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes each Agent to file any financing statement required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party, and (iii) ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of such Loan Party prior to the date hereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws in the State of New York, without regard to its choice of law provisions.
Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined from time to time by the Administrator. The term of a Stock Appreciation Right may not exceed ten years.
Schedule 9.1.18 attached hereto sets forth (a) a true and complete list of all current policies or binders of fire, liability, product liability, umbrella liability, real and personal property, workers’ compensation, vehicular, fiduciary liability and other casualty and property insurance maintained by each Seller or REIT Seller Sub and relating to the Property (collectively, the “Insurance Policies”), and (b) with respect to the Property, a list of all pending claims and the claims history for each Seller and REIT Seller Sub for the duration of Sellers’ period of ownership.  There are no claims related to the Property pending under any such Insurance Policies as to which coverage has been denied.  Neither Seller nor any REIT Seller Sub has received any written notice of cancellation or suspension of any of the Insurance Policies.  True and complete copies of certificates of insurance with respect to all of the Insurance Policies have been made available to Buyer.
As of the Effective Date, the Initial Borrower has no subsidiaries other than those that have been created or acquired in accordance with the Financing Documents or that have been (or will promptly be) disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent.
Timely pay and discharge when due all of its Indebtedness and obligations, including without limitation, all assessments, taxes, governmental charges, levies, Liens and claims, of every kind and nature, imposed upon Borrower, its Subsidiaries or any of their properties, income, or profits, that, if not paid, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change prior to the earlier of the date on which such obligation would become delinquent or the date penalties would attach, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might become a Lien or charge upon any of Borrower's or its Subsidiary's properties, income, or profits; provided, however, Borrower and its Subsidiaries will not be required to pay and discharge any such assessment, tax, government charge, levy, Lien or claim so long as (a) the legality of the same will be contested in good faith by appropriate judicial, administrative or other legal proceedings instituted with reasonable promptness and diligently conducted, and (b) Borrower and its Subsidiaries will have established on their books adequate reserves with respect to such contested assessment, tax, government charge, levy, Lien or claim in accordance with GAAP.
Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company, during the Term and for the two (2) years immediately thereafter, by being reasonably available to testify on behalf of the Company or any affiliate in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, and to assist the Company, or any affiliate, in any such action, suit or proceeding, by providing information and meeting and consulting at mutually agreeable times and places with the Board or its representatives or counsel, or representatives or counsel to the Company, or any affiliate, as reasonably requested; provided that such obligation to cooperate does not unreasonably interfere with Executive’s business or personal affairs. The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by Executive in connection with his provision of testimony or assistance or other cooperation contemplated by this Section.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an original of the same Agreement, and all of which together shall constitute one single agreement, which shall be effective upon the execution hereof by all parties. A complete set of counterparts shall be made available to each party.
The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Advance or Letters of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any purpose which would result in a violation of any Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender, or otherwise).
Member has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder.  This Agreement has been duly executed by Member and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Member, enforceable against Member in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency or other similar laws generally affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights. No consent of any third party is necessary in order for Member to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
Each Account shall be increased or decreased by the Interest credited to such Account since the prior Determination Date as though the balance of that Account as of such prior Determination Date had been invested in the applicable Valuation Funds chosen by the Participant.
While Executive is employed by the Company during the Employment Term, the Company shall pay to Executive a base salary at the annual rate of $400,000 (the “ Base Salary ”), less all legally required and authorized deductions and withholdings, in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll policies and procedures. The Company may not decrease Executive’s base salary during the Employment Term unless such decrease is part of an across-the-board uniformly applied reduction affecting all senior executives of the Company and not disproportionately more to Executive.
The Executive agrees and covenants that he will not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory remarks, comments or statements concerning the Company or its businesses, or any of its employees, officers, and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors and other associated third Parties.
All issues and questions concerning the relative rights and obligations of the Company and the Securityholders under this Agreement and the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments with respect to the Obligations are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Parent is made, or any of the Secured Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by any of the Secured Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Secured Parties are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of the Parent under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty.
Client is responsible for the payment of all sales, use and excise taxes that are the legal obligation of Client in connection with the Deliverables (“ Taxes ”). All fees and other charges under any Exhibit are exclusive of Taxes. Client shall reimburse Fiserv for those Taxes that Fiserv is required to remit on behalf of Client. In no event shall Taxes include any income, gross receipts, franchise, privilege, occupational, real property or tangible property taxes of Fiserv or its Affiliates.
This Agreement may be executed, including execution by facsimile or electronically transmitted signature, in multiple counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
Buyer is not entering the transactions contemplated hereby with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors.  Immediately after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer, Buyer’s Subsidiaries and the Company will be Solvent and will have adequate capital to carry on their respective businesses in the ordinary course.
Each party agrees that (i) the terms and provisions of this Amendment are confidential and constitute proprietary information of the parties; and (ii) as such, the terms and provisions of this Amendment are, and shall be, subject to the terms of Section 17.19 of the Standard Lease Provisions of the TKD Lease.
No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor, each of the Founders and each of their respective successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns and permitted transferees.
This Supply Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Buyer and, assuming due execution and delivery by the Manufacturer, constitutes a valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other Laws relating to creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles. The execution, delivery and performance of this Supply Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Buyer and its respective officers and directors.
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, INCLUDING BOTH MATTERS OF INTERNAL LAW AND CONFLICT OF LAWS.
The Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable notice of borrowing, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B , from the Borrower.
With respect to the Master Lease, Guarantor warrants that: (a) this Guaranty is executed at the Tenant’s request; and (b) Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining from each Tenant on a continuing basis financial and other information pertaining to Tenant’s financial condition. Guarantor agrees to keep adequately informed from such means of any facts, events or circumstances which might in any way affect Guarantor's risks hereunder, and Guarantor further agrees that the Landlord shall have no obligation to disclose to Guarantor information or material acquired in the course of the Landlord's relationships with Tenant.
The purchase of Stock will be subject to withholding of all applicable income tax, employment tax, payroll tax, social security tax, social insurance, contributions, payment on account obligations or other payments required to be withheld, collected or accounted for in connection with purchase of Stock under the Plan (“Taxes”).  The Company or any Subsidiary is authorized to withhold from any payment to be made to a Participant, including any payroll and other payments not related to the Plan, amounts of Taxes due in connection with any transaction under the Plan, and a Participant’s enrollment in the Plan will be deemed to constitute his or her consent to such withholding.  The Company may require a Participant to remit to the Company (or a Subsidiary) the amount of such Taxes and may take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company or any Subsidiary to satisfy withholding obligations for the payment of Taxes.  In addition, the Administrator reserves the right to require Participants to advise the Company of sales and other dispositions of Stock acquired under the Plan in order to permit the Company to comply with tax laws and to claim any tax deductions to which the Company may be entitled with respect to the Plan.
The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Security Agent, the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Creditor in connection with the enforcement of this Guaranty and the protection of the Secured Creditors’ rights hereunder and any amendment, waiver or consent relating hereto (including, in each case, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel (including in-house counsel) employed by the Security Agent, the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Creditor).
The Company may terminate the Executive’s employment if he has been unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive’s then existing position or positions under this Agreement with or without reasonable accommodation for a period of 180 days (which need not be consecutive) in any 12-month period as a result of physical or mental incapacity or illness (“disabled”). If any question shall arise as to whether during any period the Executive is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive’s then existing position or positions with or without reasonable accommodation, the Executive may, and at the request of the Company shall, submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom the Executive or the Executive’s guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether the Executive is or was so disabled, and such certification shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue. The Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification. Nothing in this Section 3(b) shall be construed to waive the Executive’s rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq . and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq.
As a material inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement and consummate the Contemplated Transactions, Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer that all of the statements contained in this Article 5 are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof and will be true, correct and complete as of the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date).
The Additional Grantor agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Assumption Agreement, including the fees, other charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.   The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.  All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
This Amendment, the Loan Agreement as   amended, and the other Related Documents are the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable aga i nst Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general principles of equity limiting the availability of equitable remedies.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the term of Consultant’s engagement hereunder (hereinafter referred to as the “ Consultation Period ”) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of nine (9) months; provided that, the Company and Consultant may mutually agree, in writing, to extend the Consultation Period beyond the initial nine (9) month term.
Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Note.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2.05(b), (i) for each day during the period from the Closing Date until February 4, 2016, the principal amount of the Loan shall bear interest at the per annum rate equal to the Alternate Rate established for such day plus the Margin then in effect, and (ii) beginning on February 4, 2016 and continuing thereafter, for each day during an Interest Period, the principal amount of the Loan shall bear interest at the per annum rate equal to the Eurodollar Rate established for such Interest Period plus the Margin then in effect.
The parties hereto agree that (a) on the Consent Effective Date, (i) the Administrative Agent shall deliver to Plains AAP (or its designee) all possessory Collateral held by the Administrative Agent and (ii) Plains AAP (or its designee) shall be authorized, without further action of any kind on the part of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other secured party to prepare, file, deliver and have recorded termination statements with respect to all Uniform Commercial Code financing statements filed by or for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other secured party naming Plains AAP as a debtor thereunder in connection with the financing transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement and (b) on or after the Consent Effective Date, the Administrative Agent is authorized to, and shall, deliver, at the request of Plains AAP, PAA or their designee and at sole cost and expense of Plains AAP or PAA, as the case may be, such assignments, assumptions, releases, instruments, documents, agreements or other writings, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Plains AAP, PAA or their designee, as the case may be, as the requesting Person may reasonably request to effectuate, evidence or reflect of public record the transactions contemplated hereby and to evidence the payment in full of the Outstanding Obligations and the termination of the Loan Documents, and the Liens created thereunder.
This Agreement together with the License Agreement and the Operating Agreement (the “ Transaction Documents ”), and the other documents, exhibits and schedules referred to herein and therein, constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior oral and written, and all contemporaneous oral, agreements or understandings pertaining thereto. There are no agreements, understandings, restrictions, warranties or representations relating to such subject matter among the parties other than those set forth herein, in the other Transaction Documents and in the other documents, exhibits and schedules referred to herein and therein.
The Assignor and the Assignee each hereby agree to execute and deliver such other instruments, and to take such other action, as either party may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Assignment and Acceptance, including the delivery of any notices or other documents or instruments to the Borrower or Administrative Agent, which may be required in connection with the assignment and acceptance contemplated hereby.
If any part of this Agreement is held to be void or unenforceable by any court or under any law, that part shall be deemed stricken and all remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and binding upon the Parties.
On or prior to the Restatement Effective Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received true and correct copies of the historical financial statements, the pro forma financial statements and the Projections referred to in Sections 6.05(a), (c) and (d) , which historical financial statements, pro forma financial statements and Projections shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent .
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing (as defined in Section 1 ), Seller shall sell, transfer and assign to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all of Seller’ right, title and interest in and to the Shares. The purchase price for the Shares and Indebtedness shall be an aggregate of Fifty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($50,000.00) (the “ Purchase Price ”), of which $40,000.00 shall be allocated to the Shares and $10,000.00 shall be allocated to the Indebtedness.
The Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder, if any (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP , counsel for the Administrative Agent).
The provisions of this Credit Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender other than in connection with a Reorganization permitted by Section  7.3 hereof and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section  10.3(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section  10.3(d) , (iii) to an SPV in accordance with the provisions of Section  10.3(g) , or (iv) by way of a pledge of its Loans hereunder to a Federal Reserve Bank in support of borrowings made by such Lender from such Federal Reserve Bank (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Credit Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Credit Agreement.
The Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), both before and after giving effect to any Credit Extensions, are Solvent.
All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Paper or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof.  Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Potential Default at the time of any Loan or L/C Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any L/C shall remain outstanding.
Each party agrees to hold and keep the information in this Agreement confidential and will not disclose any of such information in any manner whatsoever, except as may otherwise be required by applicable law.
The Executive is hereby employed on the Effective Date as the Group Vice President Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Secretary of the Board. In his capacity as Group Vice President Legal Affairs, General Counsel, the Executive shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with such position as shall be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and he shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The principal work place for the Executive shall be Metropolitan Detroit Area Michigan, USA, The Executive will spend a working week per month in the Company’s headquarters in Sweden and has agreed to spend additional time there as required in connection to financial reporting periods.
If the amount of Losses for any Fiscal Year that otherwise would be allocated to a Partner under Section 6.1(a) or this Section 6.1(b) would cause or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit of such Partner as of the last day of such Fiscal Year (after all other allocations have been made pursuant to this Section 6), then such Partner shall be allocated that amount of Losses which does not cause or increase such Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, and the remainder of such Losses that would have been allocated to such Partner shall be allocated to the other Partners in proportion to their Percentage Interests.
Scientists at ImmunoGen and Biotest shall cooperate in the performance of the Research Program and, subject to the terms of this Agreement and any confidentiality obligations to Third Parties, shall exchange such data, information and materials as is reasonably necessary for the other Party to perform its obligations under the Research Plan.
This Agreement supersedes any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and constitute the sole and only agreements between the parties with respect to the said subject matter. All prior negotiations and agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof are merged into this Agreement. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party or by anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement and that any agreement, statement or promise that is not contained in this Agreement shall not be valid or binding or of any force or effect.
The Proprietary Inventions and Assignment Agreement and the Company's and Executive's responsibilities under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15 and 16 will survive the termination of this Agreement.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. Whenever the following terms are used in this Agreement, they shall have the meanings set forth below.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior or contemporaneous representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, any severance provisions provided under the Prior Severance Plan and contained in the Participation Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement encompasses all the rights of Executive to any severance payments and/or benefits based on the termination of Executive’s employment and Executive hereby agrees that he or she has no such rights except as stated herein. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement.
All representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though made on and as of such date.
The parties to this Agreement each hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to trial by jury of any claim, demand, action, or cause of action (i) arising under this Agreement or (ii) in any way connected with or related or incidental to the dealings of the parties hereto in respect of this Agreement or any of the transactions related hereto, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether in contract, tort, equity, or otherwise. The parties to this Agreement each hereby agrees and consents that any such claim, demand, action, or cause of action shall be decided by court trial without a jury and that the parties to this Agreement may file an original counterpart or a copy of this Agreement with any court as written evidence of the consent of the parties hereto to the waiver of their right to trial by jury.
This Limited Waiver and the PSA (as may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms) represent the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the matters covered herein and therein. This Limited Waiver may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto.
Subject to the terms herein, either party may terminate the Executive’s employment at any time; provided that the Executive will be required to provide the Company at least ninety (90) days’ advance written notice of the Executive’s voluntary resignation and the Company will be required to provide the Executive at least ninety (90) days’ advance written notice of the Executive’s termination by the Company without Cause (defined below). The Termination Date shall be the date stated in the notice of termination. Upon termination of the Executive’s employment, the Company shall pay the Executive (i) any unpaid Base Salary accrued through the Termination Date, (ii) any accrued and unpaid vacation pay to which the Executive is entitled as a matter of law or Company policy, and (iii) any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior to the Termination Date (the “ Accrued Obligations ”).
(a) The Loans comprising ABR Borrowings shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.
The Borrower shall have paid to the Agent on the Third Amendment Effective Date (i) for the account of each Lender, a consent fee equal to the sum of (A) 0.15% of such Lender’s Commitment immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment and (B) 0.35% of such Lender’s Increased Commitment Amount and (ii) all reasonable and documented fees, out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Agent incurred in connection with this Amendment, any other documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Agent.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of twelve (12) months (the “ Initial Term ”) or until Manager is terminated pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, the Initial Term shall be automatically extended for additional twelve (12) month periods unless either party terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 11 .
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California.
Executive acknowledges that in the course of his relationship with the Company and its related entities Newpark Drilling Fluids, Newpark Mats and Integrated Services, Newpark Canada, and other affiliates (the “ Related Entities ” or referred to collectively with Newpark Resources as the “ Company ”) he will in the future receive certain trade secrets, programs, lists of customers and other confidential or proprietary information and knowledge concerning the business of the Company and its Related Entities (hereinafter collective referred to as “ Confidential Information ”) which the Company desires to protect.  Executive understands that the information is confidential and he agrees not to reveal the Confidential Information to anyone outside the Company so long as the confidential or secret nature of the Confidential Information shall continue, other than such disclosure as authorized by the Company or is made to a person transacting business with the Company who has reasonable need for such Confidential Information.  Executive further agrees that he will at no time use the Confidential Information for or on behalf of any person other than the Company for any purpose.  Executive further agrees to comply with the confidentiality and other provisions set forth in this Agreement, the terms of which are supplemental to any statutory or fiduciary or other obligations relating to these matters.  On the termination of employment or his Employment Agreement, Executive shall surrender to the Company all papers, documents, writings and other property produced by him or coming into his possession by or through his relationship with the Company or relating to the Confidential Information and Executive agrees that all such materials will at all times remain the property of the Company.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this MOU embodies the complete agreement and understanding among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way.
Except for the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement and Permitted Collateral Liens, such Pledgor owns and has rights and, as to Pledged Collateral acquired by it from time to time after the date hereof, will own and have rights in each item of Pledged Collateral pledged by it hereunder, free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others (other than licenses granted in the ordinary course of business). In addition, no Liens or claims exist on the Securities Collateral, other than as permitted by Section 1012 of the Indenture. Schedules 11(a) through 11(d) of the Perfection Certificate sets for a true, correct and complete list of all registered and applied for Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights owned by each such Pledgor and all Intellectual Property Licenses under which such Pledgor exclusively licenses Copyrights from a third party (each such Intellectual Property License, an “ Exclusive Copyright License ”).
The PLAN ADMINISTRATOR shall be deemed to have delegated its duties and powers for determining benefits, eligibility for benefits and/or other PLAN operations to a third party administrator, insurer or other person where such person has been appointed by the PLAN ADMINISTRATOR or its delegate to make such determinations.  In such case, such other person shall have the duties and powers as the PLAN ADMINISTRATOR as set forth in this PLAN document.  Any action of the delegate in the exercise of such delegated duties and powers shall have the same force and effect for all purposes hereunder as if such action had been taken by the PLAN ADMINISTRATOR and shall be afforded the same deference and arbitrary and capricious level of review afforded to the PLAN ADMINISTRATOR.
No Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or immediately after giving effect to this Amendment.
The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent and shall not be refundable under any circumstances.
ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and includes applicable DOL regulations.
In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an annual base salary (before all customary and proper payroll deductions) of $253,148 as adjusted from time to time (“Base Salary”). The Board of Directors of the Employer shall review Executive’s salary each year, in a manner consistent with that used for all management employees of the Employer, and in its sole discretion may adjust such salary commensurate with the Executive’s performance under this Agreement.
THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.
Initially capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Incentive Plan.
The Trustee will be indemnified and saved harmless from and against any and all liability to which the Trustees may be subjected, including all expenses reasonably incurred in its defense, for any action or failure to act resulting from compliance with the instructions of the Sponsoring Employer, the employees or agents of the Sponsoring Employer, the Administrator, or any other fiduciary to the Plan, and for any liability arising from the actions or non-actions of any predecessor Trustees or other fiduciary of the Plan.
The Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by it that is material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects (“ Liens ”), except for (i) mortgage loans used to purchase real property owned by the Company, (ii) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and (iii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company are held by it under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company is in compliance with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company.
All points and fees related to the Mortgage Loan were disclosed in writing to the Mortgagor in accordance with applicable state and federal law and regulation. The points and fees related to such Mortgage Loan (other than a Bond Loan - 1st Lien and a Permitted Non-Qualified Mortgage Loan) did not exceed 3% of the total loan amount (or such other applicable limits for lower balance Mortgages) as specified under 12 CFR 1026.43(e)(3), and the points and fees were calculated using the calculation required for qualified mortgages under 12 CFR 1026.32(b) to determine compliance with applicable requirements.
The Secured Party shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 14 ), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default or Event of Default. All rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR EXTENDS ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY PRODUCTS OR ANY SERVICES RENDERED HEREUNDER, OR ANY TECHNOLOGY, MATERIALS OR INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR USED IN SUCH SERVICES OR INCORPORATED INTO SUCH PRODUCTS.
As of the date hereof, the representations and warranties in the Loan Agreement as amended and the Related Documents are true and correct as though made on such date, except where a different date is specifically indicated.
The Borrower has delivered to the Lender audited Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2015 and 2016 and audited statements of income and cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015 and 2016.  The Borrower has also delivered an unaudited Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 and unaudited statements on income and cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 (collectively, the “ Financial Statements ”).  The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except: (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such Financial Statements or the notes thereto; or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), and fairly and accurately present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Credit Parties as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).  To the best knowledge of the Credit Parties, no other information provided by or on behalf of the Credit Parties to the Lender, either as a disclosure schedule to this Agreement, or otherwise in connection with Lender’s due diligence investigation of the Credit Parties, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstance under which they are or were made, not misleading.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance shall be held to be prohibited by, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law or rule in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition, illegality or unenforceability, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, unless expressly set forth therein, shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with, the law of the State of New York, without reference to the conflicts or choice of law principles thereof (other than New York General Obligations Law Section 5-1401).
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities to the Purchasers in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market.
This Agreement, together with the exhibit attached hereto and as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, contains the entire agreement among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and there are no other or further agreements outstanding not specifically mentioned herein. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the engagement letter entered into by and between the Company and the Dealer-Manager, dated June 23, 2016, as amended (the “ Engagement Letter ”), shall continue to be effective and the term therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the parties thereto, in accordance with its terms.
Any notice or communication mailed to the Warrantholders shall be mailed to each Warrantholder at the Warrantholder’s address as it appears in the Registry and shall be sufficiently given if so mailed within the time prescribed.  Any notice to holders of a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant shall be distributed through the Depositary in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary.  Communications to such holders shall be deemed to be effective at the time of dispatch to the Depositary.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict-of-laws rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction.
Participation in this Plan shall be limited to those Participants selected by the Company from time to time and who enter into an Award Agreement.
There are no civil, criminal or administrative claims, actions, suits, demands, arbitrations, Proceedings or investigations pending or, to the Knowledge of Shentel, threatened against Shentel or any Affiliate thereof that seeks to enjoin this Agreement or the Transactions or otherwise prevent Shentel from performing its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or consummating the Transactions. There is no judgment, decree, injunction, rule, order, writ, decree or award of any court, Governmental Entity, arbitrator or other governmental or regulatory official, body or authority outstanding against Shentel or any Affiliate thereof, and there are no unsatisfied judgments against Shentel or any Affiliates thereof, in each case that would have a material adverse effect on Shentel’s ability to consummate the Transactions.
Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against any Guarantor, and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, (a) any demand for payment of any of the Obligations, Time Warner Obligations and Historic TW Obligations made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be rescinded by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, and any of the Obligations, Time Warner Obligations and Historic TW Obligations continued, (b) the Obligations, Time Warner Obligations and/or Historic TW Obligations, or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, (c) the Credit Agreement and any other Credit Document may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, and (d) any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for the payment of the Obligations, Time Warner Obligations and/or Historic TW Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by it as security for the Obligations or for this Guarantee or any property subject thereto.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, any Defaulting Lender, the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of the Borrower’s or Guarantors’ respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Facility Amount and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.
Tax. To the extent required by any applicable law, each Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax, and in no event shall such Agent be required to be responsible for or pay any additional amount with respect to any such withholding. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that any Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify such Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered the exemption from or reduction of withholding tax ineffective or for any other reason, without limiting the provisions of Subsection 4.11(a) or 4.12 , such Lender shall indemnify such Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by such Agent as tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with any expenses incurred and shall make payable in respect thereof within 30 days after demand therefor. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender or any Issuing Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or such Issuing Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Subsection 10.11 . The agreements in this Subsection 10.11 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.
The Company shall defend and indemnify members of the Board, officers and Employees of the Company or of a Parent or Subsidiary whom authority to act for the Board, the Administrator or the Company is delegated (“ Indemnitees ”) to the maximum extent permitted by law against (i) all reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with the defense of any claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal therein (collectively, a “ Claim ”), to which any of them is a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act in connection with the Plan, or in connection with any Award granted under the Plan; and (ii) all amounts required to be paid by them in settlement the Claim (provided the settlement is approved by the Company) or required to be paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any Claim. However, no person shall be entitled to indemnification to the extent he is determined in such Claim to be liable for gross negligence, bad faith or intentional misconduct. In addition, to be entitled to indemnification, the Indemnitee must, within 30 days after written notice of the Claim, offer the Company, in writing, the opportunity, at the Company’s expense, to defend the Claim. The right to indemnification shall be in addition to all other rights of indemnification available to the Indemnitee.
In addition to all such rights of indemnity and subrogation as the Guarantors may have under applicable law (but subject to Section 3.03), the Borrower agrees that in the event a payment of an obligation shall be made by any Guarantor under this Agreement, the Borrower shall indemnify such Guarantor for the full amount of such payment and such Guarantor shall be subrogated to the rights of the Person to whom such payment shall have been made to the extent of such payment.
This Agreement shall be in effect until the earlier of (a) the second anniversary of the commencement of the Offering or (b) (i) with respect to NRFC, the date upon which neither NSAM J-NS/RXR Ltd nor another Affiliate of NRFC is serving as the Company’s Advisor, or (ii) with respect to RXR, the date upon which neither RXR NTR Sub-Advisor LLC nor another Affiliate of RXR is serving as the Company’s Sub-Advisor (the “ Term ”).
In case at any time after the Closing, any further action is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, each of the Parties will take such further action (including the execution and delivery of such further instruments and documents) as the other Party reasonably may request, all at the sole cost and expense of the requesting Party (unless the requesting Party is entitled to indemnification therefor).
(d)  Notices, Etc. GEO shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the applicable Swingline Lender) in writing of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Syndicated Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time (or, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency, 11:00 a.m., London time) , four Business Days before the date of prepayment or (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid, any other information required to be in such notice pursuant to Section 2.09(b) and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Incremental Term Loan Commitments, the Revolving Credit Commitments , the Multicurrency Subfacility Commitments or the Australian LC Facility Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.08 , then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.08 or if a notice of prepayment of Term Loans is conditioned upon the receipt of funds under other credit facilities, the effectiveness of other credit facilities or pursuant to an Equity Issuance, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked by GEO (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Syndicated Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02 , except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Syndicated Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided herein. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12 .
All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and, if sent to the Managers, will be mailed, delivered or telefaxed to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. General Counsel (fax no.: (212) 816‑7912) and confirmed to the General Counsel, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York, 10013, Attention: General Counsel; Goldman, Sachs & Co., 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282-2198, Attention: Registration Department; and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, attention of Syndicate Department (facsimile: (646) 855-3073), with a copy to ECM Legal (facsimile: (212) 230-8730); or, if sent to the Partnership Parties, will be mailed, delivered or telefaxed to Holly Logistics Services, L.L.C., 2828 N. Harwood St., Suite 1300, Dallas, Texas 75201, attention of Stephen D. Wise, Vice President and Treasurer (facsimile: (214) 237-3051), and confirmed to the address of the Partnership set forth in the Registration Statement, Attention: General Counsel.
At Closing, all of Seller's rights, title and interests, if any, to the extent assignable, in and to the Contracts and the Intangible Property shall be transferred and assigned to Buyer, and Buyer shall assume all of Seller's obligations and liabilities under the Contracts and the Intangible Property arising from and after Closing, subject to the provisions of Section 11 hereof, by an Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property (the " Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property ") in the form attached hereto as Exhibit "5" and by such other document that may be legally required to effect the assignment and assumption of any part of the Contracts or the Intangible Property.
Any notices, consents, agreements, elections, amendments, approvals and other communications provided for or permitted by this Agreement or otherwise relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) upon personal delivery to such party; (ii) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day; (iii) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt; or (v) upon actual receipt by the party to be notified via any other means (including public or private mail, electronic mail or telegram); provided , however , that notice sent via electronic mail shall be deemed duly given only when actually received and opened by the party to whom it is addressed.  All communications shall be sent to the party's address set forth on the signature page below, or at such other address as such party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other parties in accordance with this Section   8(m) .
Each Party shall cooperate with the other Party in connection with its Prosecution and Maintenance activities undertaken as set forth this Section 10.2, including: (i) making available in a timely manner any documents or information as the other Party reasonably requests to facilitate Prosecution and Maintenance of the XenoPort Patents, Patents included within DRL IP, and Patents included within Jointly-Owned IP; and (ii) if and as appropriate, signing (or causing to have signed), at the reasonable request of the other Party, all documents relating to the Prosecution and Maintenance of the XenoPort Patents and, during the Term, Patents included within DRL IP, and Patents included within Jointly-Owned IP. Each Party shall [ * ] provide to the other Party all information reasonably requested with regard to its Prosecution and Maintenance activities pursuant to this Section 10.2. Each Party shall hold all information disclosed to it under this Section as Confidential Information.
This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles thereof.
An Assignment, Assumption, and Release of each of the Head Leases from the Sellers in the form of Exhibit N attached hereto and by this reference incorporated herein (together, the “ Head Lease Assignments ”), or, if the Head Lease Acceptance Notice is not delivered pursuant to the terms hereof, reasonable evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser that the Head Leases have been fully and finally surrendered prior to the Closing Date in a manner acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably.
The Company has full power, capacity and authority to execute this Agreement and all other agreements and documents contemplated hereby to which it is or will be a party. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and such other agreements and documents by Company and the consummation by Company of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly authorized by the Company and its board of directors, and no other action on the part of the Company is necessary to authorize the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Company and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The Company is aware that, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company, the Board or a stockholder of the Company may then cause or attempt to cause the Company to refuse to comply with its obligations under this Agreement, or may cause or attempt to cause the Company to institute, or may institute, litigation, arbitration, or other legal action seeking to have this Agreement declared unenforceable, or may take, or attempt to take, other action to deny the Executive the benefits intended under this Agreement. In these circumstances, the purpose of this Agreement could be frustrated. It is the intent of the Company that the Executive not be required to incur the expenses associated with the enforcement of the Executive’s rights under this Agreement by litigation, arbitration, or other legal action nor be bound to negotiate any settlement of the Executive’s rights hereunder under threat of incurring such expenses because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Executive under this Agreement. Accordingly, if following a Change in Control it should appear to the Executive that the Company has failed to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement, or in the event that the Company or any other person takes any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institute any litigation or other legal action designed to deny, diminish, or to recover from the Executive, the benefits intended to be provided to the Executive hereunder, the Company irrevocably authorizes the Executive from time to time to retain counsel (legal and accounting) of the Executive’s choice at the expense of the Company as provided in this Section 11 to represent the Executive in connection with the initiation or defense of any litigation or other legal action, whether by or against the Company or any director, officer, stockholder, or other person affiliated with the Company. The reasonable fees and expenses of counsel selected from time to time by the Executive as provided in this Section shall be paid or reimbursed to the Executive by the Company on a regular, periodic basis upon presentation by the Executive of a statement or statements prepared by such counsel in accordance with its customary practices. In all events, such amounts shall be paid within thirty days following the Executive’s delivery to the Company of such counsel’s invoice(s) for services rendered. In any action involving this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to prejudgment interest on any amounts found to be due him from the date such amounts would have been payable to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement at an annual rate of interest equal to the prime commercial rate in effect at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or its successor from time to time during the prejudgment period plus two percent.
The Company owns or has the lawful right to use all patents, trademarks, domain names (whether or not registered) and any patentable improvements or copyrightable derivative works thereof, websites and intellectual property rights relating thereto, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and authorizations, and trade secrets, if any, and all rights with respect to the foregoing, if any, which are necessary for the conduct of their respective business as now conducted without any conflict with the rights of others, except where the failure to so own or possess would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The rights and obligations of the Company and of any Holder under this Agreement, other than those obligations contained in Section 6 , shall terminate with respect to the Company and such Holder on the first date upon which the such Holder no longer beneficially owns any Registrable Securities.
Each Creditor other than Administrative Agent shall bear (and promptly reimburse Administrative Agent for) its respective Ratable share of any reasonable expenses (including reasonable fees and charges of counsel, accountants, experts and advisors) incurred by Administrative Agent in taking action on behalf of Lender Parties and Secured Swap Counterparties in connection with its investigation, evaluation or enforcement of any Rights under the Security Instruments or the performance of its duties under this Agreement, but only to the extent Administrative Agent does not receive reimbursement for such expenses from Credit Parties or from Proceeds from Enforcement within 30 days after such expenses are invoiced; provided, that, to the extent any Creditor reimburses Administrative Agent for such expenses, such Creditor will be entitled to receive its Ratable share of any reimbursement subsequently received by Administrative Agent from Credit Parties or from Proceeds from Enforcement.  The expense and indemnity provisions of Sections 9.1 and 9.2 of the Credit Agreement shall be incorporated herein as is specifically set forth herein, mutatis mutandis .
This Guaranty shall continue until the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid and performed in full.
(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
This Option Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey as such laws are applied to agreements between New Jersey residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of New Jersey .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including by facsimile or portable document format (“ PDF ”)), each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  At the request of either Employer or Employee, the other party will confirm facsimile or PDF counterparts by signing a duplicate original document.
This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts and upon such execution shall be considered a single document as though each party had executed all copies. Receipt of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective delivery thereof.
Except as expressly amended herein, the Employment Agreement will continue in full force and effect in accordance with its original terms.  This Second Amendment may not be modified or amended, and no breach will be deemed to be waived, unless agreed to in writing by Employee and a duly authorized designee of the Company.  The headings and captions in this Second Amendment are for convenience only and in no way define or describe the scope or content of any provision of this Second Amendment.  This Second Amendment is a Massachusetts contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. This Second Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
Escrow Agent undertakes to perform only such duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement. Escrow Agent shall not be deemed to have any implied duties or obligations under or related to this Agreement.
The Company expects to maintain the Plan in force indefinitely, but reserves the right (1) to amend the Plan, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, under the procedure described in Section 16.2, and (2) to suspend or terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, at any time, by action of the Board of Directors.
The provisions of this Warrant and all of the other Warrants may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Persons holding Warrants representing not less than two-thirds of the Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of all such Warrants then outstanding; provided, that the number of Warrant Shares subject to this Warrant, the Exercise Price, the Initial Exercise Date and the Termination Date may not be amended, and the right to exercise this Warrant may not be altered or waived, without the written consent of the Holder. Any such amendment shall apply to all Warrants and be binding upon all registered holders of such Warrants whether or not they have consented (except only for those amendments that, pursuant the preceding sentence, require the written consent of the Holder).
Any dispute, controversy, claim or action of any kind arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or in any way involving Company and Investor or their respective Affiliates, including any issues of arbitrability, will be resolved solely by final and binding arbitration in English before a retired judge at JAMS International, or its successor, in the Territory of the Virgin Islands, pursuant to the most expedited and Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available.  Any interim or final award may be entered and enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction.  The final award will include the prevailing party’s reasonable arbitration, expert witness and attorney fees, costs and expenses.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investor may in its sole discretion bring an action in Nevada District Court or the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada in addition to, in lieu of, or in aid of arbitration.
EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, VERBAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENT OR ACTION OF ANY PARTY.
The descriptive headings used in this Agreement are used for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between the parties, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation the Prior Agreement. There are no understandings, conditions, representations or warranties of any kind between the parties except as expressly set forth herein.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before March 25, 2016; provided , however , that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
(a) Base Salary. During the Term, Executive shall be paid an annual base salary that is no less than that provided to Executive by TDCC immediately prior to the Closing (“ Base Salary ”). The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with Olin’s regular payroll practices as then in effect. During the Term, the Base Salary will be administered and determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “ Compensation Committee ”) in its sole discretion consistent with Olin’s compensation policies applicable to Olin’s other senior executives, but in no event shall Olin pay Executive a Base Salary less than that described above during the Term.
All notices, requests or consents provided for or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing and must be given by depositing the same in the mail, addressed to the Person to be notified, postpaid, and registered or certified with return receipt requested or by delivering such notice in person or by private-courier, prepaid, or by telecopier to such party. Notice given by personal delivery or mail shall be effective upon actual receipt. Couriered notices shall be deemed delivered on the date the courier represents that delivery will occur. Notice given by telecopier shall be effective upon actual receipt if received during the recipient’s normal business hours, or at the beginning of the recipient’s next Business Day after receipt if not received during the recipient’s normal business hours. All notices to be sent to a Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to or made at the address set forth below such Party’s signature to this Agreement, or at such other address as such Party may stipulate to the other Parties in the manner provided in this Section 4.3 .
This Guaranty Agreement is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in full force and effect until: (i) the indefeasible payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (ii) December 31, 2021, whichever is earlier.
The parties agree that the following terms, when used in this Agreement, shall have the following meanings, provided that the terms set forth below shall be deemed to be modified to reflect any changes made to such terms from time to time as defined in HIPAA and the HIPAA Regulations. All capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined below shall have the meaning assigned to them under the HIPAA Regulations.
This Letter Agreement, including Exhibit  A and Exhibit B attached to this Letter Agreement, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Neither Borrower nor any of Borrower’s Constituents is in default under any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, note, loan or credit agreement.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, no benefit under this Agreement shall be assignable or subject to any manner to alienation, sale, transfer, claims of creditors, pledge, attachment or encumbrances of any kind.
During the Term, the Executive’s initial annual base salary shall be at least $235,000; provided, however, that concurrent with the Transition, the Executive’s annual base salary shall be in increased to $315, 000. The Executive’s base salary shall be redetermined annually by the Compensation Committee.  The base salary in effect at any given time is referred to herein as “Base Salary.”  The Base Salary shall be payable in a manner that is consistent with the Employers’ usual payroll practices for senior executives.
Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.
Unless otherwise defined herein, each capitalized term used in this Agreement and not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Restated Loan Agreement.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.08 shall survive termination of the Facility, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed, construed, and determined in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of law principles that may cause the laws of another jurisdiction to apply.
The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company has all corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and carry on its business as now conducted and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except where any failure to have such power or authority or to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has delivered or made available to Parent true and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company and the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or similar organizational or governing documents) of each Subsidiary of the Company, in each case as amended to date and as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of, or in conflict with, or in default under, its certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or similar organizational or governing documents).
All real estate taxes, personal property taxes, charges and assessments affecting the Property shall be prorated on a per diem basis as of the Pro Ration Date, and Seller shall pay Seller’s pro-rata portion thereof at Closing. In the event that the amount of taxes for the current year is unknown at Closing, the taxes shall be prorated based on the mill rate for taxes assessed for the immediately preceding year, taking into account the current appraised value for the Property issued by the County Appraisal District, and Buyer shall notify Seller of any necessary adjustment to such proration within thirty (30) days when correct tax figures are known, and thereafter any necessary adjustments shall be made. Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees that Seller has or may file appeals (the “ Appeals ”) with respect to the current fiscal year and also with respect to prior year(s) ad valorem property taxes applicable to the Property (the “ Appealed Taxes ”). Seller shall be entitled, in Seller’s reasonable discretion and after giving notice to Buyer, to continue to pursue such Appeals after the Closing Date. In the event that any such Appeal is successful in reducing the amount of Appealed Taxes payable with respect to prior years, Seller shall be entitled to the full amount of any rebate, refund or reduction resulting from such Appeal. In the event that any such Appeal is successful in reducing the amount of Appealed Taxes payable with respect to the current fiscal year, Seller and Buyer shall prorate the net proceeds of any rebate, refund or reduction resulting from such Appeal relating to the current fiscal year, after payment of Seller’s third party costs incurred in connection with the Appeal. This provision shall expressly survive Closing and the recordation of the Deed.
The Investor shall have the right to approve before issuance any press release, SEC filing or any other public disclosure made by or on behalf of the Company whatsoever with respect to, in any manner, the Investor, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Investor, to make any press release or other public disclosure (including any filings with the SEC) with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (including the regulations of the Principal Market), so long as prior to making any such press release or other public disclosure the Company and its counsel shall have provided the Investor and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, and shall have consulted with the Investor and its counsel on the form and substance of, such press release or other public disclosure. The Company agrees and acknowledges that its failure to fully comply with this provision constitutes a Material Adverse Effect. The Company shall have the right to approve before issuance any press release or any other public disclosure made by or on behalf of the Investor whatsoever with respect to, in any manner, the Company or any aspect of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Investor shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Company, to make any press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations, so long as prior to making any such press release or other public disclosure the Investor and its counsel shall have provided the Company and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, and shall have consulted with the Company and its counsel on the form and substance of, such press release or other public disclosure.
This Guaranty is binding upon Guarantor and its successors and assigns, and is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Landlord, its successors and assigns. No assignment or delegation by Guarantor shall release the Guarantor of its obligations under this Guaranty. This Guaranty shall bind the successors, assigns and legal representatives of Guarantor. The term “ Tenant ” used in this Guaranty includes also the first and any successive assignee or sublessee of Tenant.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 6.14 , no consent, approval or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required on the part of MAC or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents by the Borrower Parties, or the performance of or compliance with the terms, provisions and conditions thereof by such Persons, other than those that have been obtained or will be obtained by the legally required time.
This offer letter including the referenced documents forms the entire agreement between you and Intel and replaces all prior communications on matters related to employment at Intel.
This Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement and any documents or agreements relating to the Options, contains the complete, final and exclusive agreement of the parties relating to the terms and conditions of the Executive’s employment and the termination of the Executive’s employment, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral and written employment agreements or arrangements between the parties, including but not limited to the offer letter agreement between the Executive and the Company dated April 1, 2014.
IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE (WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS) AND ANY APPLICABLE LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BORROWER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS THIS AMENDMENT AND THE NOTE, AND THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.
The Trusts are duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the State of New York. Other than (i) The Michael Novogratz 2008 Annuity Trust Agreement dated October 10, 2008, The Novogratz Family 2008 Annuity Trust Agreement dated October 10, 2008, The Novogratz Family 2009 Annuity Trust Agreement dated December 31, 2009 and The 2012 Novogratz GST Trust Agreement, in each case between Novogratz as grantor and Novogratz as trustee (collectively, the “ Trust Agreement ”), true, correct and complete copies of which have been provided to the Company, and (ii) the documents related to the Trust Agreements, true, correct and complete copies of which have been provided to the Companies, there are no agreements or other documents that govern operation of the Trusts.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning s given to such terms in the Company’s 20 1 5 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) .
This Amendment shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 7(a) hereof as updated by any Post-Effective Date Changes and the certificate of Seller to be delivered to Purchaser at Closing, shall survive Closing for a period of nine (9) months (the “ Survival Period ”); provided, that , the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Sections 7(a)(i) and (xi) hereof shall survive Closing and shall be continuing representations and warranties without limitation. No claim for a breach of any representation or warranty of Seller shall be actionable or payable (i) if the breach in question results from or is based on a condition, state of facts or other matter of which Purchaser had actual knowledge prior to Closing, (ii) unless the valid claims for all such breaches (including, without limitation, all attorneys’ fees and court costs) collectively aggregate more than One Hundred Fifty Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($150,000.00), in which event the full amount of such claims shall be actionable, and (iii) unless an action shall have been commenced by Purchaser against Seller prior to the expiration of said nine (9) month period. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall Seller’s aggregate liability to Purchaser under this Agreement, including, without limitation, liability for breach of any representation or warranty of Seller in this Agreement, exceed the sum of two percent (2%) of the Purchase Price.
The undersigned person executing this Third Acknowledgment on behalf of Borrower represents and certifies that he is fully empowered to execute and deliver this instrument for and on behalf of Borrower; and all necessary action for the making and delivery of this instrument has been taken and done.
The liabilities and obligations of both Borrower and Lender under this Section 9.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the satisfaction and discharge of the Debt.
While he is an employee of the Company, Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation that accrues at a rate of 1.66 days for each month worked (20 days per employment year). Employee shall have the right to carryover unused vacation from one employment year to the next, to the extent permitted by the Company's policy from time to time in effect, up to a maximum of 10 carryover days per employment year.
All notices, offers, acceptance and other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing signed, and shall be sufficiently given delivered to the addressees in person, by Federal Express or similar overnight next day business day delivery, or by email delivery followed by overnight next business day delivery, in accordance with the information provided under each party’s name on the signature page to this Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in a writing signed by each of the Parties. The Parties agree that, in the event that there is a change in Law that affects (or may affect) the legality or enforceability of this Agreement or any of its provisions or that materially and adversely affects the ability of any Party to perform its obligations or receive the benefits intended under this Agreement, then, as soon as reasonably practical following written notice thereof, the Parties will negotiate reasonably and in good faith (provided that neither Party will have any obligation to enter into) an amendment or substitute agreement in order to best reflect the original intent of the Parties in a manner consistent with that change in applicable Law.
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (INCLUDING ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, CAUSE OF ACTIONS OR ACTIONS ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE.
Paid time off for vacations and sick days shall be limited to an aggregate of seventeen (17 days) per annum during the term of this Agreement, which shall be in addition to legal holidays. Except as to sick days, time off shall be taken at a time reasonably convenient to Employer. In the event Employee’s employment terminates prior to the end of the term hereof, such entitlement shall be prorated. Any unused time off at the end of any annual term of this Agreement shall not entitle Employee to payment therefor and may not be carried forward into any subsequent period of employment.
Each of Landlord and Tenant acknowledges that the content of the Lease, this First Amendment, and any related documents are confidential information. Each of Landlord and Tenant shall keep such confidential information strictly confidential, and shall not disclose such confidential information to any person or entity other than any employee or agent who has a need to know and except as disclosed in accordance with any regulatory disclosure requirements and as may be disclosed by Tenant in its Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Each of Landlord and Tenant shall make commercially reasonable efforts to require any of its agents or brokers involved in this transaction to maintain such confidentiality. Any press release pertaining to this Lease that either of Landlord or Tenant desires to make must be approved in advance by the other party in order to ensure that it discloses only information comparable to the other party’s own press releases.
If any provision hereof shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a valid, legal and enforceable substitute provision that most nearly reflects the original intent of the Parties and all other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed in order to carry out the intentions of the Parties hereto as nearly as may be possible.  Such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts and each counterpart shall represent a fully executed original as if signed by all of the parties listed below.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, and all counterparts so executed shall constitute one agreement, binding on the parties hereto, notwithstanding that such parties are not signatory to the same counterpart. Counterparts may be delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.2(cc) of the Disclosure Letter, there are no claims, actions, proceedings, suits, inquiries, reviews, judgments or decrees (or, to the knowledge of Sellers, any investigation by any Governmental Entity) pending or, to the knowledge of Sellers, threatened against or involving Corporation before any Governmental Entity. As at the Closing Date, Corporation is not subject to a judgment, order or decree.
All notices and other communica tions from Company to Holder, or vice versa, shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered and effective when given personally or mailed by first ‑class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by overnight courier, at such address as may have been furnished to Company or Holder, as the case may be, in writing by Company or such Holder from time to time.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall be a condition precedent to the Company’s right to terminate the Executive’s employment for Cause and the Executive’s right to terminate employment for Good Reason that (i) the Party seeking the termination shall first have given the other Party written notice stating with specificity the reason for the termination (“ breach ”) and (ii) if such breach is susceptible of cure or remedy, a period of 30days from and after the giving of such notice shall have elapsed without the breaching Party having substantially cured or remedied such breach during such 30 day period, unless such breach cannot be cured or remedied within 30 days, in which case the period for remedy or cure shall be extended for a reasonable time (not to exceed an additional 30 days) provided the breaching Party has made and continues to make a diligent effort to effect such remedy or cure.
This Lease shall constitute a legally binding and enforceable agreement between Landlord and Tenant as of the Effective Date. The Term of this Lease is stated in Section 1(f), and the Commencement Date shall be determined as provided in Section 1(h). Landlord and Tenant shall confirm the Commencement Date and Expiration Date in writing within thirty (30) days after the actual Commencement Date pursuant to the form certificate attached as Exhibit E .
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.  Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the   transactions contemplated by this Agreement must be brought only in the civil or state courts of Delaware or in the federal courts located in the State and county of Delaware.  Both parties and the individual signing this Agreement on behalf of the Borrower agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.  The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs.  In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or unenforceability of any other provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Borrower’s obligations to Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other decision in favor of the Holder.   This Note shall be deemed an unconditional obligation of Borrower for the payment of money and, without limitation to any other remedies of Holder, may be enforced against Borrower by summary proceeding pursuant to Delware Civil Procedure Law and Rules Section 3213 or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction where enforcement is sought.  For purposes of such rule or statute, any other document or agreement to which Holder and Borrower are parties or which Borrower delivered to Holder, which may be convenient or necessary to determine Holder’s rights hereunder or Borrower’s obligations to Holder are deemed a part of this Note, whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered together herewith or was executed apart from this Note.
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Lease to the contrary, the parties acknowledge and agree that, all claims against, and liabilities of, Lessee or Lessor which relate to acts or omissions prior to the date of expiration or termination of this Lease, and the covenants and obligations under this Lease which expressly relate to periods after the expiration or earlier termination of Lessee’s tenancy under this Lease, including, without limitation, all indemnification obligations and those covenants and obligations described in Sections 8.1 (final sentence only), 8.3 (final sentence only), 16.2 , 38.4 , 38.5 and 40.3 , and Articles XVIII , XIX and XXII , shall survive such expiration or earlier termination.
The Company shall, from time to time, make the good faith determination whether or not it is practicable for the Company to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with a reputable insurance company providing the Indemnitee with coverage for losses from wrongful acts. For so long as Indemnitee shall have Corporate Status, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in all policies of director and officer liability insurance in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Company’s officers and directors. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain such insurance if the Company determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available, if the premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, or if the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit.
To facilitate execution, this Guaranty may be executed in as many counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be necessary that the signature or acknowledgment of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature of all persons required to bind any party, or the acknowledgment of such party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Guaranty to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, and the respective acknowledgments of, each of the parties hereto. Any signature or acknowledgment page to any counterpart may be detached from such counterpart without impairing the legal effect of the signatures or acknowledgments thereon and thereafter attached to another counterpart identical thereto except having attached to it additional signature or acknowledgment pages.
Each member of Carlson Capital jointly represents and warrants that, as of the date of this Agreement: (a) Carlson Capital, together with all of the Carlson Capital Affiliates, collectively Beneficially Own an aggregate of [2,267,066] Common Shares; and (b) Carlson Capital has not provided or agreed to provide, and will not provide, any compensation in cash or otherwise to any New Director, solely, in his capacity as a director or director nominee of the Company in connection with such New Director’s nomination and appointment to, or service on, the Board.
This Agreement may not be assigned by Purchaser or Seller without the prior express written consent of the other party, which consent may be given or withheld in such party’s sole and absolute discretion, except that Purchaser shall have the right to assign this Agreement to one (1) or more designees and designate such designees to take title to the Property at Closing by delivering written notice thereof to Seller (provided that Purchaser shall not be released under this Agreement as a result of such assignment or designation).
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity unless the Parties mutually agree to terminate the Agreement or unless terminated earlier as set forth below.
Within forty-five (45) days of the end of each Quarter after the First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product in a country, Bayer shall provide an estimate of the total royalties payable under this Agreement, including royalties to the Upstream Licensors, based on the definition of Net Sales and the royalty deductions as provided for in Sections 1.65, 8.3.3(i) and 8.3.3(ii). Within sixty (60) days of the end of each Quarter, Bayer shall deliver a final statement, signed by an authorized officer or agent of Bayer, which shall show on a country-by-country basis for the previous Quarter Net Sales of the Licensed Product by any Bayer Party and all royalties due to Licensor based on such Net Sales. Each such report shall show in reasonably specific detail, on a Licensed Product by Licensed Product and country-by-country basis, (a) the gross sales or gross invoiced amounts, as applicable of all Licensed Products sold by Bayer, its Affiliates and sublicensees during such calendar quarter and the calculation of Net Sales from such gross sales; (b) the calculation of the royalties, if any, which shall have accrued based upon such Net Sales; (c) the withholding taxes, if any, required by law to be deducted with respect to such sales; and (d) the exchange rates, if any, used in determining the amount of United States dollars; provided that the foregoing shall be based, with regard to royalties to the Upstream Licensors, on the respective definitions and provisions in the Existing Agreements. With respect to sales of Licensed Products invoiced in a currency other than United States dollars, all such amounts shall be expressed both in the currency in which the sale is invoiced and in the United States dollar equivalent. Payments shall only be made on the basis of the final royalty report and receipt of an invoice from Licensor.
Adamis also hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Watson that (a) as of the Effective Date it has sufficient legal or beneficial title, ownership or license rights in or to the Licensed Technology and the Trademark to grant the license as purported to be granted in Section 7.1 pursuant to this Agreement; (b) as of the Effective Date, it has not received any notice from a Third Party alleging that (i) the practice of the Licensed Technology infringes or may infringe such Third Party’s intellectual property right, or (ii) any research, development or manufacture of the Product by Adamis prior to the Effective Date infringed or misappropriated the intellectual property rights of such Third Party; (c) it has not as of the Effective Date, and will not during the Term, grant any right to any Third Party under the Licensed Technology or the Trademark that would conflict with the licenses granted to Watson in this Agreement; and (d) to Adamis’ knowledge as of the Effective Date, there are no threatened or pending actions, claims or governmental investigations by or against Adamis that challenge the ownership of the Licensed Technology or the Product. If Watson or its Affiliates purchase Commercial Supply from Adamis, Adamis also provides the same representations and warranties regarding all such Product supplied to Watson that the Contract Manufacturer that manufactures such Product provides to Adamis under the [*].
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) , which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by each executive officer and director of the Company as of the date hereof.  The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act.  No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.  The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) , there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, binding understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
In the event of a breach by the Company or the Purchasers of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, the Company or the Purchasers, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Company and the Purchasers acknowledge and agree that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by either of them of any of the provisions of this Agreement and each hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Severance Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of Sections 3 ,   4 ,   5 , and 6 , shall survive termination of this Severance Agreement and any termination of the Executive’s employment hereunder.
Borrower’s request for a Revolving Loan will be deemed Borrower’s reaffirmation of its representations and warranties under the Loan Documents, except to the extent such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier period.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company concerning the compensation to be paid to you and all of the terms and conditions of your employment and supersedes all prior agreements concerning same, whether written or oral, except as specifically set forth herein. Each party agrees to pay reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by the other if the other party is successful in enforcing its rights under this Agreement in any court action, arbitration or other proceeding. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by written instrument duly executed by each of the parties. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or the breach thereof shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement or of any subsequent breach of any term or condition hereof.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Holder or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Holder will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Holder regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder makes no nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3 hereof.
On the Effective Date and after giving effect to the provisions of the Loan Documents, (a) the fair market value of the assets of each Loan Party will exceed their debts and liabilities; (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of each Loan Party will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities; (c) each Loan Party (individually and/or on a consolidated basis) will be able to pay its debts and liabilities as they become absolute and mature; and (d) each Loan Party (individually and/or on a consolidated basis) will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct its business as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted following the Effective Date.
By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, the Employee acknowledges that the Employee agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and report and pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER SET FORTH IN SECTION 12 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS .
Advise Buyer promptly of any commenced or threatened litigation, arbitration proceeding of which Seller has received written notice or of which Seller has actual knowledge or administrative hearing (including condemnation) before any governmental agency that affects the Asset, the Ground Lease, the operation of the Property or that could adversely affect the Seller’s ability to consummate the Transaction. Deliver to Buyer promptly after receipt thereof copies of any written notices of Violations or other written notices regarding the Asset or the Seller’s leasehold interest under the Ground Lease received by Seller.
This Waiver and Amendment No. 5 may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Waiver and Amendment No. 5 by telecopy or other electronic imaging methods shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Waiver and Amendment No. 5.
Your annual base salary will initially be at the rate of US $400,000 per year (“ Annual Base Salary ”), paid on a bi-weekly basis, pro-rated for any partial periods based on the actual number of days in the applicable period. Your performance will be evaluated at least annually, and any increase to the level of your Annual Base Salary will be determined as part of the regular annual review process. You will receive an annual car allowance in the amount of US $13,500 annually and a cell phone allowance in the amount of US $2,025 annually.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.
The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Capacity Shares, as applicable.
Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to the Purchaser’s employees, officers, directors, attorneys and advisors, the Purchaser has maintained and will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).
The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of $62,500.00 (Sixty Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars) in periodic installments in accordance with the Company’s customary payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executive’s base salary may not be decreased during the Employment Term., other than as part of an across-the-board salary reduction, of not more than fifteen percent (15%), which applies in the same manner to all senior executives. The Executive’s annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as “ Base Salary .” Beginning on August 30, 2017, the Company shall pay Executive’s accrued and unpaid base salary in the amount of $215,891.00 at the rate of $10,794.44 per month for twenty (20) months (“ Accrued Salary ”). The Company will pay Accrued Salary in accordance with this Section 4.1 regardless of when Executive’s employment ends or if Executive resigns without Good Reason or is dismissed for Cause.
Each of the First-Out Agent, for itself and on behalf of the other First-Out Secured Party and the Second-Out Agent, for itself and on behalf of the other Second-Out Secured Parties, and each Grantor party hereto, for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries, agrees that it will execute, or will cause to be executed, any and all further documents, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions, as may be required under any applicable law, or which the First-Out Agent or the Second-Out Agent may reasonably request, to effectuate the terms of this Agreement, including the relative Lien priorities provided for herein.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Opco shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless FinanceCo and its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives from and against any Losses suffered or incurred by FinanceCo or such Persons and related to or arising out of or in connection with FinanceCo carrying on its Business as provided in the FinanceCo LLC Agreement, including, without limitation, Losses arising from any threatened or pending claim or proceeding initiated by a holder of Common Shares against FinanceCo.
Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company in connection with its actual or contemplated defense, prosecution, or investigation of any claims or demands by or against third parties, or other matters arising from events, acts, or failures to act that occurred during the period of Executive’s employment by the Company. The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred in connection with any such cooperation.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose.
The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any payments or deemed payments any amount of withholding required by law. No other taxes, fees, impositions, duties, or other charges or offsets of any kind shall be deducted or withheld from amounts payable hereunder, unless otherwise required by law.
This Agreement, the Change in Control Agreement, the Non-Competition Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement set forth the entire agreement between Employer and Employee regarding the terms of Employee’s employment and supersede all prior agreements between Employer and Employee covering the terms of Employee’s employment, including without limitation, the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in a written instrument signed by Employer and Employee identifying this Agreement and stating the intention to amend or modify it.
The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merge all prior discussions between them. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary anywhere else in this Agreement, the grant of the Shares is subject to the terms, definitions and provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Any of Grantee’s rights hereunder shall be in addition to any rights Grantee may otherwise have under benefit plans or agreements of the Company to which Grantee is a party or in which Grantee is a participant, including, but not limited to, any Company sponsored employee benefit plans, stock option plans, severance plans or severance agreements. The provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way limit Grantee’s rights under such other plans and agreements.
In the event of any dispute between Kreider and Bion over any provision of the JVA (including the Prior Agreements), Kreider and Bion agree that if they cannot resolve such dispute in 90 days (from written notice), such dispute shall be subject to resolution through binding arbitration (in Pennsylvania), which arbitration shall be by a mutually agreeable arbitrator (if the parties cannot agree on a mutual acceptable arbitrator, each shall nominate an independent third party and such third parties shall chose an arbitrator without consultation with Kreider and Bion which arbitrator shall be deemed to be mutually acceptable). The parties shall split the costs related to such arbitration.
Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement or otherwise subsequently determined by the Committee, unvested Shares held pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award and unvested RSUs held under an RSU Award shall be forfeited and canceled upon the termination of a Participant’s employment or other service with the Company and its Subsidiaries.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company at law or in equity before or by any court or federal, state, municipal or their governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign which could materially adversely affect the Company. The Company is not subject to any continuing order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or agency against it which would have a material adverse effect on the Company.
All press releases and all other publicity concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be jointly drafted and prepared by Seller and Purchaser, and Seller and Purchaser agree not to deliver or publish any press releases or other publicity regarding the sale of the Property pursuant to this Agreement except as expressly set forth in this Section 17.3 .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge and agree that Purchaser will issue a press release after the Closing, the form and content of which shall be subject to the prior consent of Seller (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, however, Seller acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser’s press release shall be substantially similar to the form of those certain press releases previously issued by Purchaser or its Affiliates in connection with Purchaser’s or Purchaser’s Affiliates’ recent hotel acquisitions and Purchaser may disclose (i) the Purchase Price, (ii) the sum of capital expenditures, transaction costs, working capital and pre-paid operating costs, and (iii) the sum of (i) and (ii).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each party’s obligations under this Section 17.3 shall survive the Closing or any earlier termination of this Agreement.
The proceeds of Revolver Loans shall be used by the Borrowers solely (a) to issue standby or commercial letters of credit, and (b) to finance ongoing working capital needs and other lawful general corporate purposes of the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries.  No part of the proceeds of any Loan shall, nor shall any Letter of Credit, in any case, be used directly or indirectly in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Laws or Sanctions.
Tenant shall cause the Contractor, at no cost to Landlord, to maintain and keep in full force and effect, the insurance required under Exh ibit C-2 , with such companies, and in such form and amounts as Landlord may reasonably require. Tenant shall, at no cost to Landlord, maintain and keep in full force and effect, the insurance required of Tenant under the Lease and this Exhibit. Prior to commencement of construction of the Leasehold Improvements, Landlord shall be provided with copies of insurance certificates indicating coverages as required by Exhibit C-2 , are in full force and effect, and a copy of the executed Construction Contract.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature or other electronic signature and such signature shall constitute an original for all purposes.
Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have timely filed all Tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have timely paid all Taxes (including in its capacity as withholding agent) levied or imposed on their properties, income or assets or otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company’s remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of any of the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement would be inadequate and the Company would suffer irreparable damages as a result of such breach or threatened breach. In recognition of this fact, Executive agrees that, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond, shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedy available at law or equity, to obtain equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction or any other equitable remedy which may then be available. Any judicial determination of whether the Executive is in compliance with Section 6 hereof shall be determined based solely on the contractual provisions provided therein and the facts and circumstances of Executive’s actions without regard to whether the Company could obtain an injunction or other relief under the law of any particular jurisdiction. This Section 7 survives termination of this Agreement.
Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a copy of (i) the annual consolidated financial statements (including balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015, audited by independent public accountants of recognized national standing, (ii) the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Quarter ended March 31, 2016 and (iii) such other financial information regarding the Borrower as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02(a)).
The Seller has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns and reports (Federal, state or local) required by Law to be filed by it and has paid or caused to be paid or made adequate provision for all taxes and governmental charges due and owing and all assessments received by it except to the extent that any failure to file or nonpayment (i) is being contested in good faith or (ii) could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Upon request of the Bank, Borrower shall make, execute, and deliver (or shall cause to be made, executed, and delivered) to Bank any and all such other documents and instruments that they may consider reasonably necessary to correct any errors in or omissions from this Agreement, or any of the Loan Documents, or to effectuate, complete, perfect, continue or preserve their respective obligations thereunder or any of the liens, security interests, grants, rights, or other interests of or in favor of Bank thereunder.  Borrower shall take all such actions that Bank may reasonably request from time to time in order to accomplish and satisfy the provisions of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when taken together and confirmed between the attorneys identified herein, shall constitute but one and the same fully executed instrument. Signatures on counterparts of this Agreement that are delivered via fax, email or by other electronic means are authorized and shall be acknowledged as if such signatures were an original execution.
The term of this lease is 24 months commencing on February 1, 2016 (Commencement Date) and ending on February 1, 2018 (Expiration Date).
Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each of the Parties hereto shall bear all taxes of any nature (including, without limitation, income, franchise, transfer, and sales taxes) and all fees and expenses relating to or arising from its compliance with the various provisions of this Agreement and such party's covenants to be performed hereunder, and except as otherwise specifically provided for herein, each of the Parties hereto agrees to pay all of its own expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys and accountants' fees, and printing expenses) incurred in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby, the negotiations leading to the same and the preparations made for carrying the same into effect, and all such taxes, fees, and expenses of the Parties hereto shall be paid prior to Closing.
A Participant’s Deferrals shall be 100% vested at all times.
This Separation Agreement shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The parties agree that any conflict of law rule that might require reference to the laws of some jurisdiction other than Tennessee shall be disregarded. Each party hereby agrees for itself and its properties that the courts sitting in Knox County, Tennessee shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue over any matter arising out of or relating to this Separation Agreement, or from the relationship of the parties, or from the Executive’s employment with the Company, or from the termination of the Executive’s employment with the Company, whether arising from contract, tort, statute, or otherwise, and hereby submits itself and its property to the venue and jurisdiction of such courts.
Except for the Disclosed Matters, such Borrower and its Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders and restrictions of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof having jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property, the non-compliance with which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower.
The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply in all respects with all Applicable Laws, where any such non-compliance, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before June 27, 2016; provided , however , that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).
The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Operative Documents to which it is a party are within its powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary action pursuant to its Organizational Documents, require no further action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority and do not violate, conflict with or cause a breach or a default under (a) any Law applicable to any Credit Party or any of the Organizational Documents of any Credit Party, or (b) any agreement or instrument binding upon it, except for such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults as could not, with respect to this clause (b), reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Grantee shall be responsible for payment of all taxes relating to the exercise of the Option and the receipt and disposition of related Shares. The Grantee shall be responsible for making arrangements acceptable to the Administrator for the satisfaction of such tax withholding obligations; provided, however, that the Company may require that any tax withholding obligation arising as a result of the exercise of the Option be satisfied through the withholding by the Company of a number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory withholding obligation (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes) that could be imposed on the transaction and, in any case, which would not result in additional accounting expense to the Company.
The representations, warranties and covenants of Seller set forth in this Agreement are remade as of the Closing Date and shall not be deemed to be merged into or waived by the instruments at Closing and shall survive after the Closing Date for a period of nine (9) months (the “ Seller’s Representation, Warranty and Covenant Survival Period ”).
The “ Term ” of this Lease shall commence on the Commencement Date for the applicable Portion of the Premises and end on the Expiration Date as stated in Exhibit 1, unless extended or terminated pursuant to the terms hereof.
Customer hereby grants to Company a warehouseman’s lien on all of Customer’s Products in storage at the Terminal for any amounts payable by Customer to Company that have not been paid when due hereunder. If a warehouse receipt is required under Law for such a lien to arise, this Schedule will be deemed to be the warehouse receipt for all Products at the Terminal.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.15, no Person is entitled to any brokerage, financial advisory, finder’s or similar fee or commission payable by the Seller.
No Company shall (a) violate the provisions of any Laws or rulings of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or of any Material Agreement to which it is a party if that violation alone, or when aggregated with all other violations, would be a Material Adverse Event, (b) violate the provisions of its organizational documents if such violation would cause a Material Adverse Event, or (c) repeal, replace, or amend any provision of its organizational documents if that action would be a Material Adverse Event.
This Amendment may be signed in counterparts and each of such counterparts will constitute an original document and such counterparts, taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.
This Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on March 18, 2011, effective as of July 1, 2011 (the “ Effective Date ”), and shall apply to any purchase right granted, or stock transferred pursuant to any purchase right granted, on or after the Effective Date. This Plan shall continue until the earlier to occur of (a) termination of this Plan by the Board (which termination may be effected by the Board at any time), (b) issuance of all of the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under this Plan, or (c) April 27, 2021.
Except as otherwise noted herein, this Agreement, and any agreements referenced herein, represent the entire agreement and understanding between the Executive and the Company regarding the subject matter hereof and supersede and replace any and all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties with respect thereto. This Agreement may not be modified except expressly in a writing signed by both parties.
Upon termination of this Agreement by the Company or Executive for any reason, such termination shall constitute written resignation by Executive from all positions as an officer, director or member of any committee or board of the Company or of any of its Affiliates as may be requested by the Company or such Affiliate and Executive shall sign such other documents and papers relating to Executive’s employment, benefits and benefit plans as the Company may reasonably request.
All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, or by telecopier, and addressed in each case as follows:  (i) if to the Issuer or the Administrator, at 300 Chestnut Ridge Road, Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677, (telecopier no. (201) 307-9286), Attention: General Counsel, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Reed Auerbach, Esq., Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, 101 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10178; (ii) if to the Owner Trustee, at Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration; (iii) if to the Indenture Trustee, at 190 South LaSalle Street, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention: Global Structured Finance/BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2016-1; (iv) if to Moody’s, to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., ABS/RMBS Monitoring Department, 25th Floor, 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10007, Email: ServicerReports@moodys.com,   Fax: 212‑298‑7139 ; (v) if to Fitch, to Fitch Ratings, Inc., One State Street Plaza, New York, New York 10004, Email: notifications.abs@fitchratings.com,   Fax: 212-514-9879 , Attention: Asset Backed Surveillance; or (v) at such other address as shall be designated by any of the foregoing in a written notice to the other parties hereto.  Delivery shall occur only upon receipt or reported tender of such communication by an officer of the recipient entitled to receive such notices located at the address of such recipient for notices hereunder.
The Company and the Holders acknowledge that there would be no adequate remedy at law if any party fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder, and accordingly agree that the Company and each Holder, in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled at law or in equity, shall be entitled to compel specific performance of the obligations of another under this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any court of the United States or any State thereof having jurisdiction.
Subject to your continued employment, 33-1/3% of the Stock Units will vest on [DATE] of [YEAR], [YEAR] and [YEAR]. Each date on which a Stock Unit is scheduled to vest pursuant to this Section II.B.2. is a “ Stock Unit Scheduled Vesting Date .” In the event of your termination of employment, the occurrence of your Permanent Disability (as defined in Section V.H.) or the occurrence of a “ Change in Control ” (as defined in the Plan) prior to a Stock Unit Scheduled Vesting Date, your right to any Stock Units that are unvested immediately prior to your termination of employment or occurrence of your Permanent Disability, as applicable, will be determined in accordance with Section III. or Section IV., as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the date of your termination of employment for purposes of determining vesting under this Section II.B.2. will be determined in accordance with Section III.H.
Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, in the event the employment of a Participant is terminated by reason of death, Disability or Retirement during a Performance Period, the Participant’s Award will immediately vest in a prorated number of PSUs based on the Participant’s date of termination of employment relative to the length of the Performance Period, and the Shares (or cash) corresponding to the earned PSUs (based on the performance for the whole Performance Period as adjudicated on the Determination Date) will be delivered to the Participant on the dates specified in Section 5.5.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Stock Units granted hereunder. Any oral or written agreements, representations, warranties, written inducements, or other communications made prior to the execution of this Agreement with respect to the Stock Units granted hereunder shall be void and ineffective for all purposes.
The Purchaser has all necessary power and authority under all applicable provisions of law to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. All action on the Purchaser’s part required for the lawful execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement has been or will be effectively taken prior to each Closing. Each of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, when executed and delivered, will be a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights and (ii) general principles of equity that restrict the availability of equitable remedies.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced exclusively pursuant to the laws of the State of Texas applicable to contracts to be performed wholly within the State. The Parties also agree that the venue of any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, or any document executed in connection with this Agreement, shall be in Dallas County, Texas. The Parties agree they will not contest the choice of law and venue provisions in this Paragraph.
The New Subsidiary Borrower (i) is duly organized, validly existing and (to the extent applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, except to the extent that the failure to be organized, existing and (to the extent applicable) in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) has the corporate or other organizational power and authority and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform this Joinder and the other Loan Documents to which it is or will be a party, to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, except to the extent that the failure to have such legal right would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, partnership or limited liability company and (to the extent applicable) in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or conduct of its business requires such qualification, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified and (to the extent applicable) in good standing would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Employee agrees that he will not during the Term of this Agreement or thereafter disparage the Company, the Partnership or any of their respective affiliates, any of the products, practices or services of the Company, the Partnership or any of their respective affiliates, or any directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, representatives, equityholders or affiliates of the Company or the Partnership, either orally or in writing, at any time and the Company shall instruct members of the Board and the executive officers of the Company not to disparage the Employee, either orally or in writing, at any time; provided , that either party may confer in confidence with its legal representatives and make truthful statements as required by law or as required by any applicable rules of professional conduct.
Each Eligible Employee who incurs a Severance shall be entitled, subject to Section 2.3, to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company.
For purposes of this Section 2.11 , the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Lender and the term “applicable law” includes FATCA.
If the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Contract Term, the Partnership or the Company, respectively, may give the Executive written notice in accordance with Section 7(g) of its intention to terminate the Executive’s employment.  In such event, the Executive’s employment with the Partnership and the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive, provided that within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of his duties.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. Any litigation pertaining to this Agreement shall be adjudicated in courts located in Santa Barbara County, California.
No delay or failure on the part of Lender or on the part of any holder of the Note in the exercise of any right, power or privilege granted under this Agreement, or under any other Loan Document, or available at law or in equity, shall impair any such right, power or privilege or be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default or any acquiescence therein. No single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege shall preclude the further exercise of such right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be valid against Lender unless made in writing and signed by Lender, and then only to the extent expressly specified therein.
The provisions of this paragraph 10 shall apply in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) prior to the forfeiture of the Option under paragraph 9.
This Agreement may be amended upon the consent of the Manager and Member.
The consent of Landlord outlined in this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or modification of the provisions in the Lease which restricts the assignment and/or subletting of the Premises without Landlord's prior written consent. Any future assignment or sublease must be in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Lease.
Notices and other communications provided for under the Intercreditor Agreement to be provided to the [Agent] shall be sent to the address set forth below its name on the signature page hereto (until notice of a change thereof is delivered as provided in Section 10.9 of the Intercreditor Agreement).
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Seller and the consummation by the Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the sale of the Assigned Debenture to the Buyer) will not: (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of its certificate of formation or other organizational documents, or (ii) violate or conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, Assigned Debenture, bond, indenture or other instrument to which Seller are a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which Seller are subject) applicable to Seller or the Assigned Debenture is bound or affected. The Seller is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof.
This Security Agreement amends and restates the Existing Security Agreement. All liens, claims, rights, titles, interests and benefits created and granted by the Existing Security Agreement shall continue to exist, remain valid and subsisting, shall not be impaired or released hereby, shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby renewed, extended, carried forward and conveyed as security for the Obligations, in each case, as modified by the terms hereof.
In the event that any Law requires the Paying Party to withhold taxes with respect to any payment to be made by the Paying Party pursuant to this Agreement, the Paying Party will notify the non-Paying Party of such withholding requirement prior to making the payment to the non-Paying Party and provide such assistance to the non-Paying Party, including the provision of such standard documentation as may be required by a tax authority, as may be reasonably necessary in the non-Paying Party’s efforts to claim an exemption from or reduction of such taxes.  The Paying Party will, in accordance with such Law withhold taxes from the amount due, remit such taxes to the appropriate tax authority, and furnish the non-Paying Party with proof of payment of such taxes within […***…] following the payment.   If taxes are paid to a tax authority, the Paying Party shall provide reasonable assistance to the non-Paying Party to obtain a refund of taxes withheld, or obtain a credit with respect to taxes paid.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.12 , the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans and will request the issuance of Letters of Credit solely in compliance with Section 6.9 of this Agreement.
All section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument.
The following terms and conditions will govern the Executive’s employment with the Company throughout the Term.
Each Party acknowledges that in connection with this Agreement it may gain access to Confidential Information of the other Party. Each Receiving Party shall, in perpetuity: (i) not use the Confidential Information other than as necessary to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under this Agreement or, subject to its non-disclosure obligation, to operate its respective business, and (ii) maintain the Confidential Information in strict confidence and, subject to Section 8.02, not disclose the Confidential Information without the Disclosing Party’s prior written consent, provided, however, that the Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information as permitted in this Article VIII.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article 22 and the Work Letter, Tenant may include a fitness or gym facilities (a “ ”) in the Premises. The location of the Fitness Facility within the Premises shall be determined by Tenant subject to Landlord’s reasonable approval and any limitations set forth under Applicable Laws and the permits and approvals obtained by Tenant for the Fitness Facility. The Fitness Facility shall be available for use solely by Tenant’s employees and guests, and in no event shall it be open to the public. Tenant, at Tenant’s expense, shall obtain and maintain all governmental permits and licenses necessary to operate the Fitness Facility and shall comply with all Applicable Laws relating to the maintenance, operation and use thereof and such reasonable rules and regulations as may be promulgated from time to time by Landlord.
Each TRA Holder shall (i) furnish to the Parent Corporation in a timely manner such information, documents and other materials as the Parent Corporation may reasonably request for purposes of making any determination or computation necessary or appropriate under this Agreement, preparing any Tax Return or contesting or defending any Tax Proceeding (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any information, documents or materials relating to the owners of a TRA Holder), (ii) make itself available to the Parent Corporation and its representatives to provide explanations of the documents and materials and such other information as the Parent Corporation or its representatives may reasonably request in connection with any of the matters described in clause (i) above, and (iii) reasonably cooperate in connection with any such matter.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER ON ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE RETAINED COUNSEL OF THEIR OWN CHOOSING AND SUCH COUNSEL HAS FULLY EXPLAINED THE CONTENT AND LEGAL EFFECT OF THIS SECTION 10.24 .
Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Laws and applicable Consents of any Governmental Authority.
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, AND ANY APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. EACH OF THE DEBTORS, SUBORDINATED LENDER AND SENIOR LENDER HEREBY CONSENTS AND AGREES THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN CONNECTICUT SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES AMONG THE DEBTORS, SUBORDINATED LENDER AND SENIOR LENDER PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE SENIOR LOAN DOCUMENTS, PROVIDED, THAT THE PARTIES HERETO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY APPEALS FROM THOSE COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED OUTSIDE OF CONNECTICUT AND, PROVIDED, FURTHER THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE SENIOR LENDER FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE SENIOR OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGEMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF SENIOR LENDER. EACH OF THE DEBTORS AND SUBORDINATED LENDER EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS IN ADVANCE TO SUCH JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND EACH OF THE DEBTORS AND SUBORDINATED LENDER HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS. EACH OF THE DEBTORS AND SUBORDINATED LENDER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINTS AND OTHER PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND AGREES THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINTS AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO IT AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT OR BENEATH ITS SIGNATURE LINE BELOW, AS THE CASE MAY BE, AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON THE EARLIER OF THE DEBTORS’ OR SUBORDINATED LENDER’S ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER DEPOSIT IN THE U.S. MAILS, PROPER POSTAGE PREPAID.
The Company shall employ and continue to employ Employee, and Employee shall be employed and continue to be employed with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the Termination Date, as defined in Section 4 hereof (the “Employment Period”).
To induce the Subordinated Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement, Senior L/C Lender hereby represents and warrants to the Subordinated Agent that as of the date hereof: (a) Agent has the power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and carry out the terms of this Agreement, all of which have been duly authorized by all proper and necessary action; (b) the execution of this Agreement by Senior L/C Lender will not violate or conflict with any material agreement binding upon Senior L/C Lender or any law, regulation or order or require any consent or approval which has not been obtained; and (c) this Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Senior L/C Lender, enforceable against Senior L/C Lender in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles.
To the extent allowable pursuant to Applicable Law, each member of the Committee or of the Board shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such member in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action or failure to act pursuant to the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in satisfaction of judgment in such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her; provided he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled pursuant to the Company's Amended and Restated Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless.
The rights contained in this Section 1.5 shall be personal to the Original Tenant and any Affiliate Assignee and may only be exercised by the Original Tenant or such Affiliate Assignee (and not any other assignee or sublessee of the Original Tenant's interest (or Affiliate Assignee's interest) in this Lease) if the Original Tenant (or such Affiliate Assignee) (together with any subtenant of a Permitted Transfer) actually occupies at least seventy-five percent (75%) the entire Premises then leased by Original Tenant or such Affiliate Assignee as of the date of the First Offer Notice. Tenant shall not have the right to lease First Offer Space as provided in this Section 1.5 if, as of the date of the First Offer Notice, or, at Landlord's option, as of the scheduled date of delivery of such First Offer Space to Tenant, Tenant is in default under this Lease beyond the expiration of all applicable notice and cure periods or if Tenant has previously been in default beyond the expiration of all applicable notice and cure periods under this Lease more than once in the preceding twelve (12) months.
The Chicago Bridge & Iron Savings Plan was originally established by the Company’s corporate predecessor effective June 16, 1964. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company, a Delaware corporation, became the sponsor of the Plan effective March 18, 1997. The Company merged the CBI Hourly Employees’ Saving Plan into this Plan and amended and restated the Plan effective January 1, 1997. The Company further merged the Howe-Baker Engineers, Inc. Employees’ Profit-Sharing 401(k) Plan, the Matrix Engineering, Inc. Savings Plan, the A&B Builders, Inc. Savings Plan, and the Callidus Technologies 401(k) Savings Plan, into this Plan effective December 31, 2000. The Company previously amended and restated the Plan effective January 1, 2008, effective January 1, 2013 and effective January 1, 2014.
There are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against Purchaser, nor to the knowledge of Purchaser is there any pending investigation by any Governmental Body, which would give any third party the right to enjoin or rescind the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise prevent Purchaser from complying with the terms and provision of this Agreement.
The section headings and captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
(a) The proceeds of the Heartland Facilities shall be used to finance the Heartland Acquisition Costs and (b) the proceeds of the other Loans shall be used solely (i) to refinance existing Indebtedness and pay fees, costs and expenses related thereto (ii) to finance Acquisitions and the fees and expenses related thereto, (iii) to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and/or (iv) for other lawful corporate purposes (including, without limitation, share repurchases).
No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person (each, a “ Consent ”), is necessary or required in connection with the issuance and sale of the Purchased Shares by the Company, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, other than Consents (a)  required by the Commission in connection with the Company’s obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, (b) required under the state securities or “blue sky” Laws, (c) that have been, or prior to the Closing Date will have been, duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, and (d) Consents, the failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each party agrees to execute such further documents and take such further action as may be reasonable necessary to effectuate the provisions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit to be paid or provided under this Agreement would be an “Excess Parachute Payment,” within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, but for the application of this sentence, then the payments and benefits identified in the last sentence of this Section 3 to be paid or provided under this Agreement will be reduced to the minimum extent necessary (but in no event to less than zero) so that no portion of any such payment or benefit, as so reduced, constitutes an Excess Parachute Payment; provided, however, that no such reduction shall be made if it is not thereby possible to eliminate all Excess Parachute Payments under this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing reduction will be made only if and to the extent that such reduction would result in an increase in the aggregate payment and benefits to he provided, determined on an after-tax basis (taking into account the excise tax imposed pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, any tax imposed by any comparable provision of state law, and any applicable federal, state and local income and employment taxes). Whether requested by Executive or the Company, the determination of whether any reduction in such payments or benefits to be provided under this Agreement or otherwise is required pursuant to the preceding sentence will be made at the expense of the Company by the Company’s independent accountants, which determination shall take into account a reasonable compensation analysis of the value of services provided or to be provided by Executive, including Executive’s agreeing to refrain from performing services pursuant to a covenant not to compete or similar covenant applicable to Executive (including, without limitation, those contemplated by Sections 6, 7 and 8 of this Agreement).
If the Employee separates from employment with the Employers and Affiliates prior to the Three-Year Anniversary Date by reason of death, then on the date of the Employee’s death the Award shall become nonforfeitable and the Restriction Period with respect to the Award shall terminate.  Within sixty (60) days following the date of the Employee’s death, the Company shall issue to the Employee’s designated beneficiary in a single payment the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award .
This Project Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above and shall continue for the later of the second anniversary of the effective date or the substantial conclusion of the Lucent quality litigation matter, such period of time being the " Initial Term ." This Project Agreement may be extended by the Company, with Consultant’s consent, for an additional one year term, such period of time being the “ Renewal Term .” The Initial Term and Renewal Term shall be referred to collectively as the “ Term .” For purposes hereof, the Lucent quality litigation matter shall be considered to be substantially concluded upon the first to occur of any of the following: (a) entry by all parties into a binding settlement agreement resolving all matters material to the litigation, (b) entry of a final, nonappealable judgment by the court having jurisdiction over the matter, (c) 90 days after conclusion to a final verdict of a trial in the matter, or (d) mutual agreement by Consultant and the Company that the matter has substantially concluded.
EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY.
The Company shall submit drafts to CEC of any press releases and public documents that constitute disclosure of the existence or terms of this Agreement or any amendment to the terms of this Agreement at least three (3) Business Days prior to making any such disclosure, and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity under the circumstances to comment on such documents and disclosures and shall incorporate any such reasonable comments in good faith.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, each Restricted Share Unit shall become vested in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice; provided, however, that, subject to the provisions of the Plan, no Restricted Share Units shall vest following the earlier of the Grantee’s Termination of Employment or the Expiration Date set forth in the Grant Notice. For each Restricted Share Unit that becomes vested in accordance with this Agreement, the Company shall issue and deliver to Grantee, on or within twenty (20) business days after becoming vested, one Ordinary Share; provided, however, that no Ordinary Shares shall be issued to Grantee unless and until Grantee has paid the Company an amount equal to the cumulative par value of such Ordinary Shares. Grantee may pay such cumulative par value by such means as the Company may permit or require, including without limitation by cash or check, or by withholding from other wages or payments due Grantee. To the extent permitted by law, the Company may accept payment of such cumulative par value on behalf of Grantee by a subsidiary of the Company.
The Company shall have all powers of a limited liability company organized under the Act and not proscribed by the Act, its Certificate of Formation, or this Agreement.
No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed, or will constitute, a waiver of any other provision, whether or not similar, nor will any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver.
The BORROWER hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, reimburse and hold harmless the BANK and each of its affiliates, and all the directors, officers, employees, agents, legal counsel and advisors of the BANK (each, an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY") from and against all claims, actions, proceedings, suits, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses, including the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of one firm of counsel for all such INDEMNIFIED PARTIES, taken as a whole, and, if necessary, of a single firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all such INDEMNIFIED PARTIES, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the INDEMNIFIED PARTY affected by such conflict informs the BORROWER of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected INDEMNIFIED PARTY and, if necessary, of a single firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for such affected INDEMNIFIED PARTY), which may be incurred by or asserted against any INDEMNIFIED PARTY in connection with, or arising out of, or relating to any transaction or proposed transaction (whether or not consummated), contemplated by this AGREEMENT or any LOAN DOCUMENT (other than any TAXES); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any INDEMNIFIED PARTY, be available to the extent that such claim, action, proceeding, suit, damage, loss, liability, cost or expense (a) is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or wilful misconduct of such INDEMNIFIED PARTY or (ii) a claim brought by the BORROWER against such INDEMNIFIED PARTY for material breach in bad faith of such INDEMNIFIED PARTY'S obligations hereunder or (b) results from a proceeding that does not involve an act by the BORROWER or any of its AFFILIATES and that is brought by an INDEMNIFIED PARTY against any other INDEMNIFIED PARTY. This SECTION 8.01 shall not apply with respect to taxes other than any taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-tax claim.
For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the Company at its corporate headquarters and addressed to Executive as the address reflected in the human resources records of the Company or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the others in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.
The Company shall (i) pay, or cause to be paid, all costs, fees, operating expenses and other expenses of the Company (including the costs, fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants or other professionals and the compensation of all personnel providing services to the Company) incurred in pursuing and conducting, or otherwise related to, the activities of the Company and (ii) to the extent that such payments may be made in compliance with the terms of the agreements governing the Company’s debt obligations and applicable law, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Managing Member for (A) all costs, fees or expenses incurred by the Managing Member in connection with the IPO, other than the payment obligations of the Managing Member under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the income, franchise (except as provided in this Section 8.6 ) or similar tax obligations of the Managing Member, and (B) all costs, fees or expenses incurred by the Managing Member in connection with serving as the Managing Member.  To the extent that the Managing Member determines in good faith that such expenses are related to the business and affairs of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including expenses that relate to the business and affairs of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and that also relate to other activities of the Managing Member), the Managing Member may cause the Company to pay or bear all expenses of the Managing Member, including costs of securities offerings not borne directly by Members, compensation and meeting costs of the board of directors of the Managing Member, costs relating to periodic reports to stockholders of the Managing Member, litigation costs and damages arising from litigation, accounting and legal costs incurred by the Managing Member and franchise taxes arising from the existing or business activities of the Managing Member, provided that the Company shall not pay or bear any income or similar tax obligations of the Managing Member.
The parties agree to execute, deliver and perform such other documents, agreements and instruments, and to take such further actions, in each case as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate this Agreement and the intentions expressed herein.
Any claim arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Washington without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
KRECM and Subservicer each further agrees, at its own cost, and without expense to the other party, to do, execute, acknowledge, and deliver all and every such further agreements, instruments, acts, deeds, conveyances, financing statements, assignments, notices of assignments, transfers, and assurances as are required from time to time for carrying out the intention of facilitating the performance of the terms of the Subservicing Agreement and this Amendment.
If the Lender pays any Taxes that Borrower is required to pay pursuant to this Article V , Borrower shall indemnify the Lender on demand in full in the currency in which such Taxes are paid (including any Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 5.04 ), whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally asserted, together with interest thereon from and including the date of payment to, but excluding, the date of reimbursement at the Default Rate and reasonable expense arising therefrom. A certificate of an affected Lender claiming any compensation under this Section 5.04 , setting forth the amounts to be paid thereunder and delivered to Borrower, shall be conclusive, binding and final for all purposes, absent manifest error.
Each of the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents that are qualified by materiality or by reference to any Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects, and all other representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects, as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time, except for representations and warranties that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date.
All notices, requests, approvals, and other communications required or permitted to be delivered under this Lease must be in writing and are effective on the Business Day received if delivered by telecopier or facsimile; or 3 days after being deposited in the United States mail, certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or upon receipt if delivered personally or by any method other than by telecopier (with written confirmation) or mail, in each instance addressed to Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, at the address specified in Section 1 of this Lease, or to any other address either party may designate by 10 days’ prior notice to the other party. Subject to the provisions of Section 27(b), if any act or omission by Landlord occurs that would give Tenant the right to damages from Landlord or the right to terminate this Lease due to constructive or actual eviction from all or part of the Premises or otherwise, Tenant may not sue for damages or exercise any right to terminate until (A) it gives notice of the act or omission to Landlord and Landlord’s first mortgagee, if any, and (B) a reasonable period of time for remedying the act or omission elapses following the giving of the notice, during which time Landlord, its agents, employees, and first mortgagee are entitled to enter the Premises and cure the act or omission.
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability will mean Executive's absence from his responsibilities with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 calendar days in any consecutive 12-month period as a result of Executive's mental or physical illness injury.
THIS LEASE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, ALL PROVISIONS OF THIS LEASE RELATING TO THE CREATION OF THE LEASEHOLD ESTATE AND ALL REMEDIES SET FORTH IN ARTICLE XVI RELATING TO THE RECOVERY OF POSSESSION OF THE LEASED PROPERTY (SUCH AS AN ACTION FOR UNLAWFUL DETAINER OR OTHER SIMILAR ACTION) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE LEASED PROPERTY IS LOCATED.
The Parties agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the Party drafting such agreement or document.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement.
The provisions of this Revolving Secured Promissory Note are severable, and if any provision shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any manner affect such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision of this Revolving Secured Promissory Note in any jurisdiction.
Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Bankruptcy Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.
Subject to Section 9.3 , infra, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
The Borrower agrees to pay or cause to be paid all license fees, bonding premiums and related taxes and charges and shall pay or cause to be paid all of the Borrower’s real and personal property taxes, assessments and charges and all of the Borrower’s franchise, income, unemployment, payroll, use, excise, old age benefit, withholding, sales and other taxes and other governmental charges assessed against the Borrower, or payable by the Borrower, at such times and in such manner as to prevent any penalty from accruing or any Lien from attaching to its property, provided that the Borrower shall have the right to contest in good faith, by an appropriate proceeding promptly initiated and diligently conducted, the validity, amount or imposition of any such tax, assessment or charge, and upon such good faith contest to delay or refuse payment thereof, if (a) the Borrower establishes adequate reserves to cover such contested taxes, assessments or charges, and (b) such contest does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
You may not assign your rights or delegate your obligations under this Agreement. Sotheby’s shall be entitled to withhold from any payments or deemed payments under this Agreement any amount of withholding required by law. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Sotheby’s concerning the subject matter of your employment and supersedes any prior employment, severance, or notice and non-compete agreement between the parties. Any waiver or amendment of any provision of this Agreement must be in writing and signed by both parties.
The tax withholding obligation shall be satisfied by the Company withholding the required minimum amount from shares of Stock to be issued to the Grantee.
This Letter Agreement contains the entire agreement between you and the Company and is the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of our agreement with regard to the subject matter. It is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained herein, and it may not be modified except in writing signed by you and an officer of the Company.
Other than as set forth on Schedule 2.1(q) , the Company, to the extent its applicable, has accurately prepared and filed all federal, state and other tax returns required by law to be filed by it, has paid or made provisions for the payment of all taxes shown to be due other than payment being contested and all additional assessments, and adequate provisions have been and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company for all current taxes and other charges to which the Company, is subject and which are not currently due and payable. None of the federal income tax returns of the Company have been audited by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company has no knowledge of any additional assessments, adjustments or contingent tax liability (whether federal, state or foreign) of any nature whatsoever, whether pending or threatened against the Company for any period, nor of any basis for any such assessment, adjustment or contingency.
Shall mean any entity of which at least 5l% of the outstanding stock or ownership interest having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors/management of such entity is at the time directly or indirectly owned by the Borrower.
Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, by the Early Entry Date, a certificate of insurance evidencing that the Additional Premises are included within and covered by Tenant's insurance policies required to be carried by Tenant pursuant to the Lease. Such insurance, to the extent it remains in effect and in compliance with the Lease, shall satisfy any requirements of Landlord regarding insurance Tenant is required to carry with respect to the Additional Premises during the Lease Term.
The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received (a) all fees required to be paid on the Amendment Effective Date including, without duplication, an amendment fee for the account of each Lender that delivers and executes its signature page consenting to the Amendment by 5:00 p.m. Houston, Texas time on July 12, 2016, in an amount equal to 0.05% in respect of such Lender’s Commitment under the Credit Agreement in effect on the Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to Section 2.21 hereof and (b) all other fees and amounts due and payable on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all documented out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement.
There are no actions, suits, claims, demands, investigations, inspections, audits, charges, or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority pending or, to the actual knowledge of an Authorized Officer of any Parent Guarantor or any other Obligor, threatened (i) with respect to the Transaction or any Document or (ii) that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. The loss payable clauses or provisions in such insurance policy or policies insuring against physical damage to equipment and facilities owned by the Borrower shall be, as soon as commercially reasonable but in no event later than 45 days after the Closing Date and at all times thereafter, endorsed in favor of and made payable to the Administrative Agent as its interests may appear and such policies shall name the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as “additional insureds” and provide that the insurer will give prior notice as required under such insurance policies of any cancellation to the Administrative Agent. With respect to Mortgaged Property located in the State of Texas, the Borrower (a) is required to (i) keep such Mortgaged Property insured against damage in the amount the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) specifies, (ii) purchase the insurance from an insurer that is authorized to do business in the State of Texas or an eligible surplus lines insurer and (iii) name the Administrative Agent as the person to be paid under the policy in the event of a loss and (b) must deliver to the Administrative Agent a copy of such policy and proof of the payment of premiums. If the Borrower fails to meet any requirement listed in clause (a) or (b) above, the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) may obtain collateral protection insurance on behalf of the Borrower at the Borrower’s expense.
Except where the failure to have such title or other interest would not reasonably be expected to have, individually, or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all real property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of all Liens except for minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes, Liens permitted by Section 7.01, and Liens and privileges arising mandatorily by Law.
Subject to entry of the Approval Order, this Agreement will have been, and subject to the entry of the Approval Order, the Disclosure Statement Order, and the Confirmation Order, each other Transaction Agreement will be, duly executed and delivered by the Company and each of the other Debtors party thereto. Upon entry of the Approval Order and assuming due and valid execution and delivery hereof by the Commitment Parties, the BCA Approval Obligations will constitute the valid and legally binding obligations of the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors, enforceable against the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditor’s rights generally and subject to general principles of equity. Upon entry of the Approval Order and assuming due and valid execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements by the Commitment Parties and, to the extent applicable, any other parties hereof and thereof, each of the obligations of the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors hereunder and thereunder will constitute the valid and legally binding obligations of the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors, enforceable against the Company and, to the extent applicable, the other Debtors, in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditor’s rights generally and subject to general principles of equity.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
Neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement, instrument or indenture, or subject to any restriction, that has, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.  None of Seller’s Subsidiaries is subject to any dividend restriction imposed by a Governmental Authority other than those under applicable statutory law.  Neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any agreement, instrument or indenture which default could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  No holder of any Debt of Seller or of any of its Subsidiaries has given notice of any alleged default thereunder, or, if given, the same has been cured or will be cured by Seller or the relevant Subsidiary within the cure period provided therein.  No Act of Insolvency with respect to Seller, any of its Subsidiaries or Guarantor, or any of their respective properties is pending, contemplated or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened.
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles.
No Person shall be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner without the consent of the General Partner, which consent shall be given or withheld in the General Partner’s sole and absolute discretion. A Person who makes a Capital Contribution to the Partnership in accordance with this Agreement shall be admitted to the Partnership as an Additional Limited Partner only with the consent of the General Partner and only upon furnishing to the General Partner (i) evidence of acceptance in form satisfactory to the General Partner of all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the power of attorney granted in Section 15.11 and (ii) such other documents or instruments as may be required in the discretion of the General Partner to effect such Person’s admission as an Additional Limited Partner. The admission of any Person as an Additional Limited Partner shall become effective on the date upon which the name of such Person is recorded on the books and records of the Partnership, following the consent of the General Partner to such admission.
No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing signed by Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company, and such waiver is set forth in writing and signed by the party to be charged. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive Executive’s termination of employment and the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
The headings of the sections or subsections in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction or limit the scope or intent of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
During the term of the Executive’s employment hereunder, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all group life, health, medical, dental, disability insurance, retirement, pension, and other similar employee benefit plans, now in effect or hereafter adopted, to the same extent as other executive employees of the Company. The Company reserves the right to adjust these benefit levels from time to time, and to offer any perquisites as the Company may determine from time to time so long as such adjustment is generally applicable to the senior executives of the Company.
Walker Innovation shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Shares at the Closing, all of which shall be and remain so long as necessary in full force and effect.
This Agreement shall be deemed to be made in, governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada irrespective of the country or place of domicile or residence of either party and without regard to conflicts of laws principles. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Letter sets forth as of the date of this Agreement a list of all insurance policies covering the assets, business, equipment, properties, operations or Employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, all of which are in full force and effect.  Such insurance policies are sufficient for compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries in all material respects with all applicable Laws and all Company Material Contracts.  Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a correct and complete list of all claims by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending under any of such policies.  There is no claim by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending under any of such policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or that the Company has a reason to believe will be denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds and, to the Company’s Knowledge, there is no pending claim that will exceed the policy limits.  All premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds have been paid (or if installment payments are due, will be paid if incurred prior to the Closing) and the Company and its Subsidiaries are otherwise in material compliance with the terms of such policies.  None of the insurance carriers has provided written (or, to the Company’s Knowledge, oral) notice to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of its intention to cancel any such policy or to materially increase any insurance premiums, or that any insurance required to be listed in Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Letter will not be available in the future on substantially the same terms as currently in effect.
The Borrower and the Parent will not, and will not permit any of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (including, without limitation, the purchase or sale of any Property or service) with, or make any payment or transfer to, any Affiliate except (a) in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Borrower’s or the Parent’s or such Subsidiary’s business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower, the Parent or such Subsidiary then the Borrower, the Parent or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms height and length transaction; and (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and/or the Parent and/or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and/or the Parent.
Each party shall bear its own expenses and legal fees incurred on its behalf with respect to the negotiation, execution and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.
All payments to be made by the Borrowers hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. All payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Persons to which such payment is owed, at the Payment Office, in Dollars and in immediately available funds prior to 12:00 p.m. (Local Time) on the date specified herein; provided, however, that, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans and L/C Borrowings denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Persons to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Payment Office in such Alternative Currency and in immediately available funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein; provided further, however, that payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the Persons specified therein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, any Borrower is prohibited by any applicable law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. Any payment made by a Borrower hereunder that is received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 12:00 p.m. (Local Time), in the case of payments required to be made in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments required to be made in an Alternative Currency, in either case, on any Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Lenders by wire transfer promptly upon receipt in like funds as received. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurocurrency Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. If any payment on a Eurocurrency Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day.
Any dispute, controversy or question arising under, out of, or relating to this Agreement (or the breach thereof), or, the Executive’s employment with the Companies or termination thereof, shall be referred for arbitration in Chicago, Illinois to a neutral arbitrator selected by the Executive and the Companies (or if the parties are unable to agree on selection of such an arbitrator, one selected by the American Arbitration Association pursuant to its rules referred to below) and this shall be the exclusive and sole means for resolving such dispute.  Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the National Rules for Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association.  Except as provided in Section 5(d)(x) above, the arbitrator shall have the discretion to award reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses to the prevailing party.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  Nothing in this Section 18 shall be construed so as to deny the Companies the right and power to seek and obtain injunctive relief in a court of equity for any breach or threatened breach by the Executive of any of the Executive’s covenants in Section 6 hereof.  Moreover, this Section 18 and Section 12 hereof shall not be applicable to any dispute, controversy or question arising under, out of, or relating to the Indemnification Agreement.
The Agreement contains the entire agreement between Me and the Company with respect to the subject matter of the Agreement. The Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument signed by Me and the Company.
BDSI shall not (a) knowingly commit any act or omission that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any right of Arius Two, Inc. to terminate that certain BEMA License Agreement between Arius Two, Inc. (“ Arius Two ”) and Arius, dated September 5, 2007, as amended (the “ Arius Two Agreement ”) or that certain Sublicensing Consent between Arius and Arius Two, dated on or about the Effective Date of this Agreement (the “ Arius Two Consent ”), or (b) exercise any right it may have to terminate the Arius Two Agreement or Arius Two Consent, or otherwise amend the Arius Two Agreement or Arius Two Consent, in a way that adversely affects Collegium’s rights hereunder with respect to any of the Licensed Technology without the prior written consent of an officer of Collegium.
All payments to be made by any Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time on the date of demand therefor.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or otherwise invalid as written, the same shall be enforced and validated to the extent permitted by law. All provisions of this Agreement are severable, and the unenforceability or invalidity of any single provision hereof shall not affect the remaining provisions.
This Note shall survive until the later of the date on which this Note has been repaid or converted in full.
Each of the parties hereto shall perform such further acts and execute such further documents as may reasonably be necessary to carry out and give full effect to the provisions of this Agreement and the intentions of the parties as reflected thereby.
All corporate action on the part of the Company and GMS necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the Warrant and the performance of all obligations of the Company and GMS hereunder and under the Warrant has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and GMS and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company and GMS enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights, and (ii) general principles of equity that restrict the availability of equitable remedies.
Seller, Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries shall timely file all tax returns that are required to be filed by them and shall timely pay all Taxes due, except for any such Taxes as are being appropriately contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been provided.
Each party will, from time to time, execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments, and perform such additional acts, as the other parties may reasonably request in order to effectuate the intent of this Agreement, provided that the requested party shall have no obligation to undertake any action requiring the expenditure of “out of pocket” costs (unless otherwise required by this Agreement) unless the requesting party agrees to pay such costs if reasonably incurred. This Section 17(L) will survive for a period of three (3) years following the Closing.
The term of the Executive’s employment under this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and end on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the “Initial Term”), and thereafter shall continue from year to year for additional one-year terms (the “Additional Terms”), unless and until either party shall give notice of such party’s intent to terminate not less than 60 days prior to the end of the then-current Initial Term or Additional Term, which termination shall be effective at the expiration of said term, or until sooner terminated as hereinafter set forth.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.  Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.  Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors’ and officers’ liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.
The termination of the Warrant Transactions and the Warrant Confirmations with respect to a Tranche of Warrants contemplated by this Termination Agreement shall be effective only upon the occurrence of the Observation Date for such Tranche of Warrants.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Revolving Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section   11.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , (A) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents, and (B) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
No previous waiver and no failure or delay by Administrative Agent or Lenders in acting with respect to the terms of the Existing Note or this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any breach, default, or failure of condition under the Existing Note, this Agreement or the obligations secured thereby. A waiver of any term of the Existing Note, this Agreement or of any of the obligations secured thereby must be made in writing and shall be limited to the express written terms of such waiver.
This Seventh Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Not, and not permit any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to, enter into, or cause, suffer or permit to exist any material transaction, arrangement or contract with any of its other Affiliates (other than the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties) which is not entered into in good faith, at arm’s length and/or on commercially reasonable terms; provided that this provision shall not prohibit (1) any transaction with a Person that would constitute a transaction with an Affiliate solely because a Loan Party or Subsidiary owns Capital Securities in or otherwise controls such person and (2) any transaction that has otherwise been approved, in good faith, by a majority of disinterested directors of the Borrower or relevant Subsidiary (or the applicable committee thereof).
The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain, and have maintained without interruption for the last three (3) years, policies covering risks and events and in amounts adequate for the Company and its Subsidiaries and customary in the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate. There are no outstanding material unpaid claims under any such policy, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received (a) any refusal of coverage or any notice that a defense will be afforded with reservation of rights, or (b) any notice of cancellation or non-renewal of any such policy or binder.
Company acknowledges and agrees that irreparable damage may occur to Investor in the event that Company fails to perform any material provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with its specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of any such material provision of this Agreement or such other Transaction Document and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which the Investor may be entitled under the Transaction Documents, at law or in equity. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event Investor seeks to obtain an injunction against Company or specific performance of any provision of any Transaction Document, such action shall not be a waiver of any right of Investor under any Transaction Document, at law, or in equity, including without limitation its rights to arbitrate any Claim pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents.
The Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained such policies of insurance as Persons similarly situated to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would prudently maintain, including without limitation, commercial general liability and umbrella liability insurance, including but not limit to, coverage for bodily injury, property damage, and personal and advertising injury claims arising from the Mortgaged Property with total combined limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 products completed operations aggregate; umbrella liability insurance with limits of $3,000,000 per occurrence and $3,000,000 aggregate. The Borrower shall add the Lender, its subsidiaries, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees and agents as additional insureds on such insurance policies. All insurance policies shall be issued by an insurer or insurers with an A.M. Best rating of “A: IX” or better and a Standard and Poor’s rating of “A,” or equivalent rating from another agency acceptable to the Lender and be authorized in the state where the Mortgaged Property is located. The amount of any deductible under any insurance policy must be reasonably acceptable to Lender. The Borrower shall pay the premiums for the insurance policies as the same become due and payable. The Borrower shall deliver a certificate or other evidence of insurance acceptable to the Lender evidencing the insurance required hereunder on the Closing Date, together with receipts for the payment of premiums. Any insurance carried by the Lender shall be for its sole benefit and shall not inure to the benefit of the Borrower and any insurance required from the Borrower shall be primary to any available, if any, to the Lender. All required insurance policies, other than professional liability, shall provide that insurers have waived rights of subrogation against the Lender. The required insurance shall be primary without right of contribution from any insurance, which may be carried by the Lender.
Except for Convergence Healthcare Advisors, LLC principals acting in their capacity as licensed securities agents of M&A Securities Group, Inc., no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.
Executive’s annual salary will be $390,000 (the “ Base Salary ”), paid in accordance with the Company’s payroll practices as in effect from time to time. The Base Salary will be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “ Committee ”).
Except as otherwise set forth herein, so long as your service on the Board continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the schedule stated in the Award Notification. If your service on the Board is terminated prior to the date your Restricted Stock Units have vested for any reason other than Cause, a pro rata portion (based on your length of service during the vesting period) of the Restricted Stock Units will vest as of such termination date. If your service on the Board is terminated prior to the Vesting Date for Cause, all Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited as of the date of termination.
Release . In consideration of the Agent’s willingness to enter into this Amendment, on behalf of the Lenders, each Borrower and Guarantor hereby releases and forever discharges the Agent and Lenders, and the Agent’s and Lenders’ respective predecessors, successors, assigns, officers, managers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, representatives, and affiliates (hereinafter all of the above collectively referred to as the “ Bank Group ”), from any and all claims, counterclaims, demands, damages, debts, suits, liabilities, actions and causes of action of any nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all claims, demands, and causes of action for contribution and indemnity, whether arising at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, whether liability be direct or indirect, liquidated or unliquidated, whether absolute or contingent, foreseen or unforeseen, and whether or not heretofore asserted, which any Borrower or Guarantor may have or claim to have against any of the Bank Group in any way related to or connected with the Credit Agreement or the Other Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
From and after the Separation Date, Executive agrees that Executive shall assist the Company in the defense of any claims or potential claims that may be made or threatened to be made against the Company in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, or otherwise, that are not adverse to Executive (an “ Action ”), and will assist the Company in the prosecution of any claims that may be made by the Company in any Action, to the extent that such claims may relate to Executive’s employment or the period of Executive’s employment by the Company. Executive agrees, unless precluded by law, to inform the Company promptly, but in no event later than within ten calendar days, if Executive is asked to participate (or otherwise become involved) in any Action involving such claims or potential claims. Executive also agrees, unless precluded by law, to inform the Company promptly, but in no event later than ten calendar days, if Executive is asked to assist in any investigation (whether governmental or otherwise) of the Company or any of its affiliates to the extent that such investigation may relate to Executive’s employment or the period of Executive’s employment by the Company, regardless of whether a lawsuit has then been filed against the Company with respect to such investigation. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all of Executive’s reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) associated with such assistance. Any reimbursement that is taxable income to Executive shall be subject to applicable withholding taxes. The Company agrees that after the Separation Date, Executive’s obligations under this Section 6 shall not unreasonably interfere with any employment or other remuneration for services in which Executive may be engaging at such time.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that, neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, has provided any of the Buyer or their agents or counsel with any information that it  believes  constitutes  or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure s furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Buyer regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, with respect to the representations and warranties made herein are true and correct with respect to such representations and warranties and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. To the Company' s knowledge, the press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer neither makes nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
Each Party shall be entitled to specific performance in the event the other Party fails to perform any of its obligations which are conditions to the Closing.
Except as otherwise permitted under Section 7.3 or Section 7.4 , at all times maintain and preserve in full force and effect (a) its existence (including being in good standing, to the extent such concept exists, in its jurisdiction of organization) and (b) all rights and franchises, licenses and permits material to its business; provided , however , that no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such right or franchise, licenses or permits if (i) such Person shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to Agent or Lenders and (ii) the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
The headings of the sections of the Certificate of Designation are for convenience of reference only and shall not define, limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
You are not a party to any existing agreement or employment with an entity that would prevent you from entering into and performing this Agreement in accordance with its terms, including, without limitation, any agreement subjecting you to a non- competition, non-solicitation, or confidentiality covenant, except as identified in Attachment A hereto; and you will not enter into any other agreement that is in conflict with your obligations under this Agreement.
Each Person that is a party to this Agreement hereby agrees that such Person will vote, or cause to be voted, all voting securities of the Company, Holdings or Opco as applicable, over which such Person has the power to vote or direct the voting, and will take all other necessary or desirable action within such Person’s control, including by approving and causing the amendment of the certificate of incorporation of Holdings, to give effect to the provisions and carry out the purpose of this Agreement and the Certificate of Designations.
THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.
All real estate taxes and assessments (“ Taxes ”) assessed against the Property for the year of Closing shall be prorated as follows: Seller will be responsible for the payment of Taxes applicable to the period before the Closing Date, and Buyer will be responsible for the period on and after the Closing Date, with the recognition that taxing jurisdictions in Alabama differ upon their treatment of assessment and payment of municipal and school taxes. If the actual taxes and assessments cannot be determined for such year as of the Closing Date, then the parties shall make such proration based upon One Hundred and Ten percent (110%) of the most recently issued tax bill for the Property and thereafter, make a final adjustment of such Taxes upon receipt of the final bill. The provisions of this Section 17(a)(1) shall survive Closing.
This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements in the body of this Agreement and those in the other Transaction Documents , the Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules (other than an exception expressly set forth as such in the Disclosure Schedules ), the statements in the body of this Agreement will control .  In furtherance of the foregoing, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, as between the Mexico Asset Purchase Agreement and/ or Mexico Stock Purchase Agreement, on the one hand, and this Agreement , on the other, this Agreement shall control in all respects, including without limitation the representations, warranties and indemnification procedures and limitations.  For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that there are any representations and warranties relating to the same subject matter in any Mexico Asset Purchase Agreement and/ or Mexico Stock Purchase Agreement, on the one hand, and this Agreement , on the other, then the representations and warranties in such Mexico Asset Purchase Agreement and/ or Mexico Stock Purchase Agreement shall be disregarded in their entirety and the representations and warranties in this Agreement shall control .  The parties acknowledge and agree that a breach of any representation or warranty in any Mexico Asset Purchase Agreement and/ or Mexico Stock Purchase Agreement shall not result in any indemnification obligations on the part of any party thereto.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company’s successors and assigns.
In the event that any court having jurisdiction over this Agreement determines that one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be deemed limited and restricted to the portions that are enforceable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with the DIP Orders, constitute the entire contract between the parties relative to the subject matter hereof. Any other previous agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof is superseded by this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the DIP Orders. Nothing in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto and thereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereunder and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders) any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement or any other Loan Document and the DIP Orders, the DIP Orders shall control.
Any costs and expenses incurred by Medgenics in connection with the assignments and transfers made by Medgenics under this Section 11.4 will be borne by Medgenics.
In the event of Executive’s death occurring on or after the Termination Date, Brixmor shall provide the amounts in Section 2 that have not previously been paid to Executive to the beneficiary designated by Executive in writing (which designation, where applicable, shall be effected in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plan documents and procedures) or, if no such beneficiary shall be named or be living at the time of his death, to his estate.
Notices delivered in connection with this Guaranty shall be given in accordance with Section 20 of the Repurchase Agreement.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the other agreements and documents referred to herein are intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein or the other Transaction Documents with respect to the rights granted by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates or the Purchasers or any of their respective Affiliates set forth herein or therein. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the other agreements and documents referred to herein or therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon, and be enforceable by the Company and its successors and assigns. The Optionee shall not assign (except as provided by Section 9 hereof) any part of this Agreement without the prior express written consent of the Company.
Each Party shall maintain, and shall require its Affiliates and sublicensees hereunder to maintain, a general liability and product liability insurance program on terms customary in the animal health industry for products similar to Products covering all activities and obligations of it, and, as the case may be, its Affiliates, hereunder, or other programs with comparable coverage, up to and beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement during (i) the period that any Product is being commercially distributed or sold by a Party, its Affiliates or Sublicensees, and (ii) a commercially reasonable period thereafter.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Venue for any action concerning this Agreement or the subject matter of this Agreement shall be solely in the federal or state courts located in the City and County of Denver, state of Colorado.
A Party affected by an Excuse event shall use reasonable efforts to overcome the event as promptly as possible and shall notify the other Party of the event within 15 days of its occurrence. Toe notice shall: (a) describe the Excuse event in reasonable detail; explain why the Excuse event was not reasonably within the control of the affected Party and could not have been prevented or overcome by the exercise of reasonable diligence; and (c) state the expected duration of the Excuse event. If a Party fails to give notice of an Excuse event within this 15-day period, the Excuse event will excuse only performance due on or after the date on which the notice is actually received by the other Party.
The Notice of Grant may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Each of the Borrower Subsidiaries (i) is a corporation, limited partnership, general partnership, limited liability company or trust duly organized under the laws of its State of organization and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws thereof, (ii) has all requisite power to own its property and conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated except where the failure to be so qualified would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) is in good standing and is duly authorized to do business in its jurisdiction of organization or formation and in each jurisdiction where a Collateral Property is owned or leased by it (to the extent required to do so under applicable law), and in each other jurisdiction where a failure to be so qualified would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The term “disability”, as used herein, shall refer to the Participant’s inability because of physical or mental illness or incapacity, whether partial or total, with or without reasonable accommodation, to perform the Participant’s duties with the Company for a continuous period of at least three (3) months or for an aggregate of ninety (90) days within any twelve (12) month period.
Any initially capitalized term that is given a special meaning by this Article 1, the Summary, or by any other provision of this Lease (including the exhibits attached hereto) shall have such meaning when used in this Lease or any addendum or amendment hereto unless otherwise clearly indicated by the context.
Pledgor shall execute and acknowledge (or cause to be executed and acknowledged) and deliver to Pledgee all documents, and take all actions, reasonably required by Pledgee from time to time to confirm the rights created or now or hereafter intended to be created under this Pledge Agreement, to protect and further the validity and enforceability of this Pledge Agreement or otherwise carry out the purposes of this Pledge Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement, nor any right or obligation hereunder, without the prior written consent of Purchaser.  Purchaser shall not assign this Agreement, nor any right, benefit, remedy or obligation hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except that Purchaser shall be permitted, without the consent of Company, to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any Person to which Purchaser sells or otherwise transfers 2,223,013 or more Registrable Securities (each, a “ Permitted Transferee ”); provided , that a Permitted Transferee shall execute and deliver to the Company a counterpart to this Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.   Upon execution and delivery of such counterpart, the Permitted Transferee shall have the same rights and benefits of, and shall be subject to the same restrictions contained in, this Agreement as those applicable to Purchaser at the time of such execution and delivery.  If Purchaser continues to own Registrable Securities following a Permitted Transferee becoming a party to this Agreement, then Purchaser and such Permitted Transferee shall have no greater rights collectively than Purchaser has individually pursuant to this Agreement.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, taken together, constitute a single instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature or by other electronic submission and all such signatures shall be effective as originals.
Neither Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other, except that the Company may assign the Agreement including, but not limited to, the non-competition covenant in Paragraph 1(d), to any entity acquiring all or substantially all of the assets or the business of the Company in which Employee is primarily employed.
Except as specifically provided pursuant to Section 3(a) above or the Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion, Participant will completely forfeit his or her right in respect of this Agreement, any Restricted Shares or Shares that may be granted hereunder and any and all voting and dividend rights in respect of Restricted Shares or Shares hereunder (and shall receive no consideration from the Company on account of such forfeiture or any damages or compensation for the loss or forfeiture of any rights pursuant to this Agreement or any Restricted Shares or Shares that may be granted hereunder and any and all voting and dividend rights in respect of Restricted Shares or Shares hereunder) if his or her employment with the Company and all Subsidiaries terminates for any reason whatsoever (whether lawfully or in breach) before April 16, 2018.
